Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light proves that the Tomb Raider franchise still has legs.  While there is an element of comic book cheesiness to the whole storyline, this game is quite challenging and surprisingly fun to play.  This game made me cuss quite a bit, as death often comes quickly and - for someone like me whose love for video games has always surpassed his gaming prowess - quite regularly.  While it can be frustrating to play the same sequence over and over again in order to overcome your mistakes, each death made me more and more committed to finishing what I started.  A game without challenges is no fun at all, and I must say that Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is pretty darned fun.<br /><br />This time around, Lara - with a little help from some bad guys - has accidentally awoken the god Xolotl from his centuries-long imprisonment inside the long-lost Mirror of Light.  Unless you can stop him before the sun rises, the world is in for a world of hurt.  Fortunately, you have Totec, Xlolotl's ancient nemesis, on hand to help you; unfortunately, Totec's plan basically consists of you tackling all of Xolotl's traps while Totec takes a much easier path in order to try and cut Xolotl off.  The big guy basically does nothing while you face the imminent dangers of toxic swamps, molten lava, crumbling pathways, and all kinds of monsters big and small.<br /><br />The visuals on display here are very nice, and the controls - while frustrating at first - become second nature once you've cleared the first level or two (if you're using a controller, that is - I would not want to try and play this game with a keyboard and mouse).  I'm not sure why an ancient god would have submachine guns and rocket launchers stashed away in his stronghold, but these and other weapons (as well as health and ammo powerups) are there for the finding and taking as you progress.  To find the best ones, you'll have to prove yourself in reward challenges that often require you to analyze and figure out how to get where you need to go without being impaled, crushed, or burned to a crisp.  You also have achievements for the earning on each and every level, a feature which certainly adds to the game's replayability.  I actually enjoyed the game more the second time through, but that's partly because I got to restart with all of the weapons I had already procured the first time around.  I have a feeling I'll be spending even more time with Lara in the near future - this really is a fun game to play.alyze and figure out how to get where you need to go without being impaled, crushed, or burned to a crisp.  You also have achievements for the earning on each and every level, a feature which certainly adds to the game's replayability.  I actually enjoyed the game more the second time through, but that's partly because I got to restart with all of the weapons I had already procured the first time around.  I have a feeling I'll be spending even more time with Lara in the near future - this really is a fun game to play.