Like most ambitious MMOs, Elder Scrolls Online has its share of initial launch problems -- and then some. Players reporting update patching problems. Lag. Advancement breaking bugs. Dungeons and quest-lines that can't be completed. It happens.<br /><br />To focus on the positive: Some of the scenery is quite beautiful and in keeping with the Elder Scrolls milieu. It's also nice to see names and places mentioned from the overall mythos. In my opinion, the voice acting for some of the NPCs is also quite good, a step up from most other games. I'd also say that the crafting system in general is good and well thought out, and allows players to make gear that's at least as good as the drops from mobs and from mission rewards. It's also an interesting choice they made, to limit auction houses  (AH) to only within individual guilds -- I can see the benefit in reducing certain types of economic griefing and exploitation, plus in recent years, in-game AH's have been the target point for cheating and item duplicating (duping). But it does make things rather inconvenient for starting players who simply want to buy or sell something.<br /><br />On top of all this, the story lore is deep and extensive. There's almost too much to read and keep track of.<br /><br />It's also nice that right from the start, they supported player created add-ons, which can allow you to modify your game UI or to make certain functions easier -- such as adding the mini-map most players expect but which Bethesda / Zenimax decided not to include in their default interface. (Dumb decision, in my opinion. I'm also not crazy about having only five skills at a time + one 'ultimate' ability. This gets a little better once you hit level 15 and can swap between weapons and skill sets, but it's still barely enough.)<br /><br />On the other hand, it's hard to see how ESO sets itself apart from other fantasy-based MMOs. In terms of look and feel, it's similar to most of them. If you find a town you remember from Skyrim or Morrowind, it will look nothing like those towns. Building interiors are so repetitive and have only the same few elements over and over, it's like they were stamped out in a factory. Land exteriors are also rather repetitive for any given zone.<br /><br />While the career progression in the four classes allows for quite a lot of customization, the way the bonuses are set up, you're limiting your own character's top potential if, for example, you decide to be a heavy armor-wearing Nord mage. It's clear from the outset that if you want to be a particular character type -- let's say wizard -- in each of the three alliances there is one race best suited to it and you'll be penalized if you go with heavy armor vs light. That Nord is supposed to swing a two-handed sword, having bonuses only for that. As another example, if you buy the Imperial edition, as I have -- yes, that does expand your 'best choice' for each class from one race to three (since you can play any race in any of the alliances), but if you want to play the special Imperial race, the only bonuses they get are for 'sword and board' (shield), hence it's clear they're meant to be dragon-warrior tanks and nothing else. Want to play High Elf? All of their bonuses -- and I mean ALL of them -- are geared toward being a mage.<br /><br />Right now though, there are two issues that, if someone was asking me whether to get the game now or to wait a while, I'd suggest the latter. First, although Zenimax has said they're going after the in-game cheaters and exploiters, tutorial zone and level 3-15 area zone-chat is full of gold-seller spam. Use the Ignore function to get rid of one, and seconds later, there's another character named 'aafdqarsfad' (keyboard mashed names) saying the exact same chat-window filling spam for scam gold and leveling sites.<br /><br />Even the player-created add-on spam filters can't catch it all. If there's gold-spam and leveling services being promoted in-game to such a degree, that means there's botting, cheating, and account hacking. (Plus there are also reportedly players who are using speed-hacks.) The sheer volume of the spam and cheating suggests Zeni hasn't yet figured out a strategy for dealing with it. In addition, in some areas you literally cannot complete the quest in question because there's a huge crowd of bots surrounding the final boss mob, killing it over and over in seconds after every respawn. I for one have to wonder just how the heck a game that is supposed to require a subscription and a significant purchase has swarms of obviously throwaway spammers and bots.<br /><br />Then, as I mentioned earlier, there are the bugs that appear to be trashing people's game installations upon updates. The latest one had Zeni suggesting people uninstall and reinstall the game client entirely -- but I'm sorry, when we're talking a 20 GB+ download, that's ridiculous. It turns out that exiting and restarting the launcher is all that's needed, in that there's some kind of timeout going on that looks like but isn't an actual game client corruption.<br /><br />Finally, and for me right now this is the game-killer that is causing me to set aside ESO for at least a few weeks: You can't trust the in-game bank.<br /><br />Sometimes you can't even trust the game not to destroy your character. Since launch, many players have reported logging in to discover their purchased bank expansions were gone and their bank inventory either mostly or completely empty. (This has happened twice to my spouse, by the way, but not to me.) Other players reported that their skill points, which are used to advance your abilities as you level up in the game, were wiped out and the associated skills gone; you could find yourself officially at level 20, but with no spells, no attacks, no crafting skills -- nothing. However, the bank-disappearing bug is more pervasive and common.<br /><br />What makes this even worse is they appear not to have given much thought to exactly how much bank space it takes to support the crafting that players want to engage in. You start with 60 slots, which is shared among all the characters on your account, which is up to 8. Upgrades are 10 slots each and expensive and nigh impossible for a starting character to buy more than a couple. If you want to craft at all, expect to have to spend at least half of your bank on the materials for just one crafting line...and that's only going to get worse as you level up. Want to be a provisioner? (Someone who makes bonus-bestowing foods and drinks.) Forget about having much of any bank left at all. And like I said, on any given day, let's say you bought the bank expansions to raise your capacity to 90 slots or so, you could log in to find everything gone, banked gold rolled back to zero, and your bank reset to 60 slots.<br /><br />So most players now have multiple 'mules' -- characters who do nothing but hold your stuff. (I have one named &#34;Can't Trust Zeni-Bank.&#34;) Out of eight possible characters, I've already created seven, and only four of those are actually playable (i.e., they're not crammed full of crafting materials I don't dare leave in the bank...and even if I could leave the items in the bank, it's nowhere near large enough anyway). I spend nearly as much time dealing with inventory management as I do actually playing the game. And because we can't trust the bank, I only use it for transferring items from one character to another.<br /><br />I don't doubt they'll eventually figure out this bank-wipeout bug, and to their credit Zenimax has promised to restore the lost items. But so far as I can tell, nobody who's lost stuff in the last two weeks since launch has actually received anything. The lost purchased bank expansions certainly haven't been. (I personally have an utterly unsubstantiated theory that cheaters have figured out a way to duplicate items, but when they do so, it results in database corruption impacting other players. It wouldn'tbe the first time. A long time ago, when I was playing Asheron's Call, players figured out something similar, except that when they duplicated items, it crashed the server entirely.)<br /><br />Anyway, ESO has potential and it's an decent addition to the RPG MMO genre. However, some of its problems -- such as the lack of viable inventory management for anybody who really wants to get into crafting -- are the result of questionable game design decisions and thus probably won't be changed. Basic gameplay bugs, broken quests, lag and server instability are to be expected upon any MMO launch, and most players know to resign ourselves to dealing with them as they come up. But combine those things with uncertainty as to whether the system might suddenly and without warning eat the contents of your bank and all the stuff you carefully saved, or maybe even corrupt your character and make it unplayable...well, that's the proverbial straw that causes me to suggest waiting a while before jumping into the game. Like I said, the bank wipe-out bug didn't happen to me, but it did happen to my spouse twice and I witnessed first hand the degree of anger and frustration it caused, made worse by not knowing when Zenimax expects to have a solution or to restore the lost bank slots, gold and items.ly how much bank space it takes to support the crafting that players want to engage in. You start with 60 slots, which is shared among all the characters on your account, which is up to 8. Upgrades are 10 slots each and expensive and nigh impossible for a starting character to buy more than a couple. If you want to craft at all, expect to have to spend at least half of your bank on the materials for just one crafting line...and that's only going to get worse as you level up. Want to be a provisioner? (Someone who makes bonus-bestowing foods and drinks.) Forget about having much of any bank left at all. And like I said, on any given day, let's say you bought the bank expansions to raise your capacity to 90 slots or so, you could log in to find everything gone, banked gold rolled back to zero, and your bank reset to 60 slots.<br /><br />So most players now have multiple 'mules' -- characters who do nothing but hold your stuff. (I have one named &#34;Can't Trust Zeni-Bank.&#34;) Out of eight possible characters, I've already created seven, and only four of those are actually playable (i.e., they're not crammed full of crafting materials I don't dare leave in the bank...and even if I could leave the items in the bank, it's nowhere near large enough anyway). I spend nearly as much time dealing with inventory management as I do actually playing the game. And because we can't trust the bank, I only use it for transferring items from one character to another.<br /><br />I don't doubt they'll eventually figure out this bank-wipeout bug, and to their credit Zenimax has promised to restore the lost items. But so far as I can tell, nobody who's lost stuff in the last two weeks since launch has actually received anything. The lost purchased bank expansions certainly haven't been. (I personally have an utterly unsubstantiated theory that cheaters have figured out a way to duplicate items, but when they do so, it results in database corruption impacting other players. It wouldn'tbe the first time. A long time ago, when I was playing Asheron's Call, players figured out something similar, except that when they duplicated items, it crashed the server entirely.)<br /><br />Anyway, ESO has potential and it's an decent addition to the RPG MMO genre. However, some of its problems -- such as the lack of viable inventory management for anybody who really wants to get into crafting -- are the result of questionable game design decisions and thus probably won't be changed. Basic gameplay bugs, broken quests, lag and server instability are to be expected upon any MMO launch, and most players know to resign ourselves to dealing with them as they come up. But combine those things with uncertainty as to whether the system might suddenly and without warning eat the contents of your bank and all the stuff you carefully saved, or maybe even corrupt your character and make it unplayable...well, that's the proverbial straw that causes me to suggest waiting a while before jumping into the game. Like I said, the bank wipe-out bug didn't happen to me, but it did happen to my spouse twice and I witnessed first hand the degree of anger and frustration it caused, made worse by not knowing when Zenimax expects to have a solution or to restore the lost bank slots, gold and items.