Welcome to the massive persistent world (MMORPG) for the RTS.  You know why most game fail and publishers putting pressure on developers who have no freedom to code and perfect the art they love so much.  No more with Jon Mavor at the helm, who is the guy who wrote the original TA graphics engine (EPIC achievement in 1997), lead programmer for Supreme Commander (2007, still unmatched today) -- Jon Mavor unwilling to be pressured by publishers, decided to somehow fund his way and so please support him -- because by supporting him, it's not just this game, this is a big middle finger to the most hated game publisher Electronic Arts who has destroyed more franchise than anyone.    \\"Rather than pursue investor funding, Planetary Annihilation's developer, Uber Entertainment, chose to use the crowdfunding site Kickstarter for their financial backing. They revealed the game to the public on August 15, 2012, with their Kickstarter funding goal set at $900,000.    As the campaign began, pledges came in quickly, reaching $450,000 by the fifth day of the campaign. On August 22, Uber Entertainment announced the first set of \\"stretch goals\\" for the Kickstarter campaign, that is, additional features for the game that would be included or \\"unlocked\\" by exceeding the funding goal. As the campaign progressed, additional goals were revealed, with the goals eventually including naval units and water planets at $1.1 million, gas giants and orbiting platforms at $1.3 million, lava and metal planets at $1.5 million, a \\"Galactic War\\" feature at $1.8 million, a full orchestral score at $2 million, and a behind-the-scenes documentary if the pledges should surpass $2.1 million.    By the fifteenth day of the Kickstarter campaign, Planetary Annihilation reached its funding goal of $900,000, and by the campaign's conclusion on September 14, 2012, Planetary Annihilation had raised approximately $2,228,000 via Kickstarter and an additional $101,000 via PayPal. As a result, all stretch goals wereachieved.\\"    If you ever dreamed of KILLING Electronic Arts who destroyed my beloved Fight Night Round 4 on PS3 with their total lack of customer service, filled with cheaters with disconnects and do nothing about it -- support all independent game companies who seek independece and grassroots funding.    Why is this important?  Developers who love the game will continue to improve the game over the lifespan of the game, which is rarely seen.  If you want that, support small companies who got talents.    This is an ever growing and evolving community, it will get better and better and you won't regret creating a profitable MMORPG style persistent galactic universe with a goal to have over 1,000,000 units in cyberspace.