It is a empire building game. A little (very little) similar to Victoria series fron Paradox. AKA you have a population living on just fish, not very fun, forget large investors carrying about your little backwater island. Wait your island has a ton of oil, but the only people smart enough to mine oil don't want to eat fish and only fish? They demand delicious juicy beef. You must find a source of delicious beef so you can entice your oil industry to develop - that is Anno.  Buildings are created instantly. Moving goods takes time as does building units. You can also research or otherwise acquire items that act as bonuses. Something like \\"efficient drilling bit, increases oil production by 5%.  When it comes to acquiring resources, you can make them yourself if your territory supports it. E.g. you aren't going to be about to grow corn in the same place you grow coffee, or buy from other players traders. Only problem is other trades want to make money so you are going to have to pay a premium, and they also won't sell you an infinite supply, only what they can comfortably spare and carry on their ships. If all the territory on map is already occupied your only choice is to buy, or conquer.  Building up an \\"army\\" capable of taking territory from other players is expensive. Not only will have need to acquire the resources to build the army the upkeep is pricy. If you instead choose to be a pacifist there are entire industries you needn't focus on. However, instead you will likely need to spend more on diplomacy to increase your security.  Even without worrying about taking or defending your territory your trade route are vital. If suddenly your trade routes are being attacked you may not only lose money but lose access to a vital resource. If you population was used to eating delicious beef and suddenly you have zero beef, they will start protesting stop paying taxes and eventually leave your island.   The campaign acts as a tutorial but is definitely lacking for a newplayer.  The \\"real game\\" is continuous mode.  Same as custom mode or free for many 4x games.  The DRM is there but doesn't interfere with playing the game and offer some social bonuses.  E.g. you can vote in the world senate (the entire player base) and get small bonuses that carry over to you game play for that week.  There are forums and a wiki that can be a tremendous help to a new player.  To \\"own\\" the game you will have to do a lot of self-teaching and the campaign can be hard with this, as you may forgot how to do something and find yourself \\"stuck\\".   It isn't difficult to simply play the game in continuous mode, it could get repetitive.  Much of the challenge comes from colonizing territory and securing resources before your opponents (similar to any 4x game or Civilization series), depending on your skill and difficultly settings, the computer may not really expand and it makes it easy for a player to simply take over the whole map, which leads to a predicable outcome.  The anno series does have random quests and events that spawn to keep things interesting, but once again, if you control the entire map the rewards are often inconsequential.  The opposite is also true.  If you don't expand, you can find yourself confined and unable to expand easily later.  Point being, you need to figure out how to set up the continuous mode to suit your play style.    Understand you may buld the \\"perfect city\\" only to have an someone attack a vital trade route and cause your city to degrade all the way back to tier 1.  That may not be fun for many people.  Similar to leaving your cities undefended back in Civ 1-4 and going from first place to last in a couple turns.