I downloaded Virtual Villagers in September, and though the little characters are cute and it is fun in beginning, near the end it's extremely slow.  The game itself runs at a molasses pace, even on 2x speed, and it gets boring fast because there isn't really enough to do, especially in the later stages of the game.  The builders run out of projects, all the researchers do is stand at a table and wave their arms, and doctors stare at medicinal plants without ever figuring out what they are, etc.  The island is tiny, so there's no fun in exploring, and the technology doesn't ever get past a very primitive stage.<br /><br />This is also not a good game if there is going to be more than one person playing it, especially if that other person is a kid.  That's because it's extremely easy to erase your own or another player's game permanently.  All you have to do is have your cursor pointed about an 1/4 inch too much to the right of your or someone else's name, accidently click it and presto! your/their characters and hours of playing the game are gone.  I had been playing the game with the same characters since September, and was almost finished with it when I discovered today that someone in my household erased my old game and started a new one in it's place.  Because of this I don't plan on playing this ever again.  I find it very aggravating that someone, for whatever reason, can erase another person's game so easily.<br /><br />How appropriate is it for kids?  I think it would be okay.  About the hanky-panky aspect, they honestly don't show anything.  The two villagers hug, go inside a hut, and when the female exits, she has a baby in her arms.  There's really nothing explicit about it at all.  I think the only thing that would upset kids is that the villagers die of old age, illness or starvation (you might want to warn them about that) and that they or someone else can very easily *Ahem* erase the game they're playing.  I think a lot of kids might get bored with it easily, because it's definitely not what you would call action packed.e it's definitely not what you would call action packed.