This has become my favorite game of all time. It takes what Bioware does best, fantastic characters, dialogue and storylines and enhances the experience with the ability to explore absolutely enormous and beautifully diverse landscapes.    PROS:  CHARACTERS  - The companions are interesting, complex characters, with their own vulnerabilities, strengths, morals, etc.  The writing and voice acting are superb.  - The banter between the characters is amazing. They really flesh out the dynamics between the characters.  -The process of getting to know the characters and the romances are wonderful and organic. Like the Citadel DLC from Mass Effect 3 (where Shepard can meet up with someone at a bar or play a game), your inquisitor gets to know the other characters better by doing things together.    QUESTS  - The companion quests are at times touching and others hilarious.  - The main quests are the best, most engaging I've ever experienced.  - The war table missions are thought-provoking. It's fun deciding which advisor to assign and the resulting reports which vary depending on who you assign are interesting to read.    - I actually like the side quests (except the requisition quests). After making some hard, emotional decisions for a dramatic story mission, it feels relaxing to just pick and choose whatever you feel like doing and going off to explore. Sometimes, you can recruit an agent for the Inquisition while others lead you to some amazing ruins, creepy mansions or establishing a keep. When you stabilize an area by clearing out the enemy strongholds, it feels really rewarding to see travelers out camping, commenting on how much safer the roads are and discussing what they were going to do next.    -From a roleplay perspective, I liked doing the quests that involved helping the refugees (i.e. getting ram meat) and retrieving a stolen ring. The sky is ripped open, demons are abound, and the force you're up against seems insurmountable. The stakes are high and it's overwhelming. You have no idea if you're making progress or doing the right thing, and the outcomes are uncertain, so there is satisfaction in doing some tangible good in the world by helping to solve simpler problems and building your organization up from the grass roots level through good deeds and word of mouth.    *Tip: All of the side quests are optional and you can burn out and become overleveled if you try to do all of them, so it's best to pick and choose whichever fits your inquisitor the best. I wasn't interested in helping the elves as a human mage in my first playthrough so I skipped those quests, but my second elf inquisitor feels displaced and misses her clan, so she was overjoyed to stumble across another clan. She helped them with all of their quests, such as shepherding a culturally precious creature, because it feels comfortable and makes her feel at home.  *In fact, if you hate those kinds of side quests but need more \\"power\\" to progress in the story, you can focus on exploring, establishing camps, and closing breaches, which gives you power too.    GENERAL  - I love crafting in this game. The weapons and armors are beautiful and lots of customization available. There are few armor schemes, but I enjoy quality over quantity.  - The environments are diverse and gorgeous. I spent hours the other day just wandering around exploring a forest, checking out some ruins, listening to banter.  - The art is drop-dead gorgeous.    COMBAT  - It took some time getting used to, but I like both the kb&m and xbox360 controller controls, although I'm more comfortable with kb&m in general.  -It seems to be an unpopular opinion, but I think the combat in DA:I is the most engaging of the series. It meshes really well with how I like to play, which means setting up basic AI tactics, only allowing manual control for certain abilities and pausing every few moments to micromanage and set up combinations.  -Having limited potions/grenades capacity, forces me to carefully time when I use a potion/grenade and keep a close eye on my characters' barriers/guards. It also encourages me to tinker around with the weapons, armors, abilities of the party members I plan to bring for teamwork optimization (i.e. equipping the tank with equipment that staggers the enemy, which my dw rogue exploits with an ability). With Origins especially with the enhanced tactics mod, once you had an optimal set up, I found there was very little I had to do, which I found boring.    CONS (minor):  - I don't like most of the hair options.  - The specialization quests were tedious and frustrating for me, because the location of the objectives are described but not marked on the map. Some of these areas are huge and I spent a long time trying to find them.