Nearly every Lara Croft game is about solving puzzles, and this is no different.  However the method of solving the puzzles in this game almost always involves combat in some way.<br />Combat is heavy focus for the game, and toward that you can collect gems and then spend them to open chests throughout the world.  The chest contents are random, but the cost tier to open the chest sets the rarity of what's found inside.  There are only a few tiers of costs for chests, and while they're scattered everywhere, there seems to be absolutely no reason to use the 100 gem chest in the back of the hard to reach area over the one sitting casually in the main courtyard.<br />The items that can be earned/obtained in the game have virtually no value.  While additional weapons can be earned by beating especially hard challenges, most of them are slight variations on easily accessible ones that don't really provide any benefit.  The main items that can be earned or purchased are rings and amulets.  Amulets trigger special abilities when enough points have been earned without being injured by anything, and last until you get injured.  The abilities on these vary wildly, from the nearly useless to the amazing, but once you find an amazing one, the chances are you will never change the amulet you're using.  The rings received are absolutely excessive, with no way to sell the tons of useless or redundant ones, and only occasionally will a half-decent one come along.  Changing the rings being used occurs sometimes as the game progresses, mostly in response to the fact that the seasons and day-night cycle must be changed in the game and some of the nicer rings have limits on what seasons/night-day cycle they can be used in.<br />The graphics on the game are utterly terrible, with a low frame rate, blocky characters, and bland textures.  The game is roughly the same as what I remember from the PS2, and it's being run on the PS4.<br /><br />The story is slightly imaginative, but rather than having the player go through it, it's simply laid out in narrated cutscenes where the graphics are just a slow panning view of &#34;ancient hieroglyphics&#34;.  The game play is a fixed set of a dozen levels where missions can be completed like collecting all the hidden items, getting all the possible points, or speed running the level in minimal time, and the rewards are more crappy rings or amulets that are consistently worse than what you already have.n having the player go through it, it's simply laid out in narrated cutscenes where the graphics are just a slow panning view of &#34;ancient hieroglyphics&#34;.  The game play is a fixed set of a dozen levels where missions can be completed like collecting all the hidden items, getting all the possible points, or speed running the level in minimal time, and the rewards are more crappy rings or amulets that are consistently worse than what you already have.