I never played Dead Space 1. Just to get that out of the way, due to reviews and poor porting to the pc since I'm a pc gamer. I was a little skeptical of buying either one just for it being something totally new and a lot of new games now sorta suck and are annoying. Dead Space though it's a whole new beginning. It takes you to Resident Evil 4 with the 3rd person dynamic camera where you see most of your player on the left part of the screen. Fits this game perfectly, I actually wouldn't like this game as much if it were a first person shooter and I'm a huge FPS fan! The voice acting in this game and all the moments it has are fantastic and give me goosebumps, the enemy design is wicked scary and the weapons where I do find some to be useless (even though I don't know how to use some so this is me complaining for my own stupidity) all have their own technique. I normally find myself saying 'hmmmmmm I now have all 3 of my favorite guns oddly enough, now what to use as number 4?' So I spend 5 minutes tops just looking for that last gun determining what will be my favorite arsenal of weaponry. I haven't got into multiplayer so much but it seems to be fun on it's own terms. I don't find it to exhilarating but some might. But I don't really care for the multiplayer to give it a bad score because the game seems more of a single player possible co-op even though it's not there but will be in the 3rd installment of Dead space which is awesome. Everything seems like something you would see in a movie and all the moments of going into space and your telekinesis all fits so well that perfection is Dead Space which is hard to come by now in games. The whole time I was playing it I was thinking to myself 'WOW! I CAN'T WAIT TO WRITE A REVIEW' 8 chapters later here I am doing it! Oh and every time I see that chapter I get goosebumps to where I literally keep an eye out for those words and that number to ensure me that I am PROGRESSING through this game. The thought that this one man who went through so much pain is fighting to survive not giving up and helping any one he can come by so that they don't have to suffer makes it all the better. His wife haunts his mind and torments him through the game for guilt and no sorrow towards her since he knew she was dead and yet he wen looking for her. And it just amazes me because a Husband would ignore the universe even if it told him his wife was dead he would go and search for her no matter the odds just  to see for him self. This game is just beautiful in imagination and feelings to art and design. I have seen a few trailers to the new DS3 and the enemies seem less \\"Terrifying\\" but bigger. Anyways Get this game to get into the series and continue on to the new DS3 in February of 2013.<br />fx-4100 OC 4.2<br />HD 7850 OC<br />8gb ram<br />2tban who went through so much pain is fighting to survive not giving up and helping any one he can come by so that they don't have to suffer makes it all the better. His wife haunts his mind and torments him through the game for guilt and no sorrow towards her since he knew she was dead and yet he wen looking for her. And it just amazes me because a Husband would ignore the universe even if it told him his wife was dead he would go and search for her no matter the odds just  to see for him self. This game is just beautiful in imagination and feelings to art and design. I have seen a few trailers to the new DS3 and the enemies seem less \\"Terrifying\\" but bigger. Anyways Get this game to get into the series and continue on to the new DS3 in February of 2013.<br />fx-4100 OC 4.2<br />HD 7850 OC<br />8gb ram<br />2tb