Many of the early reviews for this game point out (and rightfully so I believe) that BF3 and origin had a rough launch.  There were a number of crippling bugs, and frustrated users weren't even able to get into the game to play it.  However, my experience has generally been very positive as installation and initial play (with one exception mentioned below) went off without a hitch.  I downloaded the software from Amazon (about 10 gigabytes) overnight and then let it install while I was at work.  When I got home in the afternoon, everything was working fine.  No headache at all.  It is also worth noting that Origin has given me absolutely no trouble.  Remember when Steam came out?  Lots of people (including myself) were upset with it when it didn't work.  Now Steam is widely used and praised for its useful interface and lack of trouble.  Origin will be the same way.  I realize what I've mentioned so far is mostly anecdotal evidence, but I feel it worth pointing out that I have two friends I play with that didn't have any trouble either.  Now, as for Battlelog, I do not understand what all the fuss is about.  Yes, it launches in a web browser, and I suppose that is a little weird, but it works fine!  It's really no different from launching from within the game itself.  I use Firefox, and have had no trouble with it either.  Additionally, the Battlelog stats are awesome, and it's fun to see how you are doing with overall score, unlocks, k/d ratio, and to be able to compare it to others.  I also appreciate the ability to log in from another computer to see stats or show them to friends.  One negative I did experience was a bug that caused the game to crash at the end of nearly every multiplayer match.  I updated video drivers, adjusted some game and origin settings, but nothing worked.  Finally, after doing some research I came across a forum which suggested uninstalling Asus Gamer OSD.  I did so, and this got rid of the problem completely.  Aside from this issue, I have encountered no bugs or random crashes.  Now, onto the actual gameplay.  I can pretty much reconfirm what all the major reviews are saying: the multiplayer is amazing, dynamic, and fun, but the single player is \\"bleh\\".  The multiplayer feels very well balanced with 4 different classes to choose from.  The unlocks come quickly enough to keep you interested and playing, but not so quickly that you lose interest.  This is the part of the game that everyone is buying it for, and, trust me, it stands up to the hype.  The single player leaves a lot to be desired.  It almost plays like a technology demonstrator to show off the graphics (and, holy cow, they are amazing!).  There are scenes in the single player which gave me a great big grin (for instance, the launch off the carrier deck in the F/A-18), and the AI is reasonably intelligent.  However, the single player falls short in three critical areas: lack of a compelling story, lack of compelling characters, and some of the most linear/scripted gameplay I've ever experienced.  The story revolves around a terrorist that is trying to use a train to blow up a high value target, but the story meanders quite a bit and feels like a series of disconnected episodes.  The characters are incredibly flat and two dimensional.  You just don't care about any of them.  Gameplay is structured very rigidly with the game determining the pace, not the player.  Advance too quickly and you get shot dead, and advance too slowly and you have to deal with missing objectives or endless respawns.  There are also a lot of the \\"press spacebar to kill this dude\\" type scenes.  *Yawn*  Might as well just show a cut scene for all the interaction those provide.  All of these gameplay choices will endlessly remove you from the immersion and remind you that you are only playing a game.  This is a shame, as Dice could created such an amazing single player campaign from this engine.  Despite the shortcomings of the singleplayer campaign, I still highly recommend this game due to the amazing multiplayer features and the absence of the troubles which hampered the game's launch.  The multiplayer is simply lots of fun and quite addictive.  If you happen to enjoy first person shooters, I highly recommend this game.  Don't be afraid to buy it!