So, I bought this game about a month ago after the 7-day FREE Trial period ended and I have to say it was well worth it.  I usually play Rift solo, but on occasion with a friend - in no way does it hinder the functionality of the game or decrease the value - I can instantly join others in zone wide events(quests) as well as Rifts(which is what the game is named after) that are tears/portals between planes of existence.  At any time you can instantly join Dungeon groups and PvP battlegrounds - these are both cross server, which means you don't usually wait too long to play since people from over 30 different servers can connect in this way.      I'm about to hit level 49 with my rogue, which is using 3 souls: Bladedancer, Riftstalker, and Assassin.  These souls make up what your character is and does, depending on which calling you are(Rogue, Warrior, Mage, Cleric). (There are more that be configured in any way you want to represent your style of gameplay!)So, if you play about a month or so you should hit level 50 while just doing quests, like I am working toward, or by doing PvP battlegrounds, which some people do level up only in PvP.  The game is made for those relaxed players, likeme, and for hardcore level grinders/crafters/pvpers.    The graphics in this game are oustanding for an MMORPG.  Nothing out there comes close right now, IMO.  Play this game on an HD screen (I use my 40 in. Samsung HDTV) to get the full effect of the graphics in this game.      To play the game monthly, the cost is $14.99, which is meh, a little pricey, but I've enjoyed myself far more than I was listening to people scream into the microphone on Xbox Live about how much of a n00b everyone is because obviously they don't spend hours playing fps games to become elite like they do.    If you choose to buy Rift, I do recommend the Collector's Edition for the 24 slot bag(holds more items) and the 2 headed tartagon (turtle) mount(which increases your sped by 60% or matches the top speed ofany faster mounts you have) --- both of these ou can retrieve at around lvl 7, when you come to your first mailbox.    Enjoy the game if you get it!!