Well, this was a pretty good game. I got to go around starting civilizations and admiring the art deco themes and whatnot. Plenty of Civs, scenarios, DLC's, and modifiable (to an extent) game options allow for a good amount of replay value. The more you play, the more you don't lose. And who doesn't love not losing. I neglected to put a question mark at the end of that last sentence in order to stress how it would have been pronounced in more of a declarative manner than an inquisitive one. So yes, it's a good game. Note that when you first get it, you may be a bit offset by the black, rigidly animated clouds and the not-at-all animated diplomacy screens, in contrast to preconceptions you may have had about white, cloud-like clouds and animated screens of diplomatic actions. You may not have this when you first play, but I did, so I'm going to state here that these things can be changed by modifying them in the options menu. If you don't have the Steam software from the Valve corporation, then you're going to have to install that before playing, as the game uses Steam to work and whatnot. If you're not sure whether to get Steam or not, know right now that Steam is used by quite a large amount of people and most of them have found it harmless, if an incredibly luring outlet for money. Of course, I wouldn't go around downloading the heck out of the Internet if I were you, but if there's games on Steam that you know should be safe or other people didn't seem to have problems with when downloading off of Steam, then there is a lower chance of that particular game being unsafe. Not only will Steam give you a ton of achievements to shoot for when playing the game, but you can play with other people off of the Internet, communicate with other friends who have Steam, and download DLC's for this particular game, of which there are quite a few. So yes, if you have thirty dollars that you'd like to spend in a manner that will leave an impact for at least that any days (it's anaddictive game; I've stayed up past midnight playing it), then you should buy this game. And since you're here, I thank you for taking time out of your day to read my unnecessarily long revues. It lets me know that at least some people find my over-explanatory way of describing things to be mildly worth a small portion of their interest. So yes, good day to you, good sir. Unless you're not a sir. Then good day to you, madam. Unless you're a hermaphrodite, or come from a culture with more advanced systems of gender identities. In any case, good day. Or good night. I guess I don't know when you're reading this. I also don't know if you particularly want a good day or night at this moment. In the end, though, if I don't get past this way of thinking, I'm never going to stop typing. So, good bye.