For this old-school gamer, there's just nothing like a good old first person shooter, and Ubersoldier 2 delivers uber-fun for me.  It can be challenging, it puts you in a number of different scenarios, and you get to kill Nazis all over the place.  The graphics aren't spectacular, but they're more than serviceable.  I especially liked the way bloodstains on the walls let you know you've taken a dude out from long-range.  I even made my favorite kill of all time in this game - I shot this soldier in the chest, which brought him to his knees before he fell backward and got decapitated in some giant fan blades.  The story itself is a little campy, none of the voice actors sounds the least bit German, the music isn't anything to write home about, and I would have liked a few more weapon choices (hey, if some big shot German henchman can shoot whirlwinds out of his hands, why can't have I have a freakin' BFG?), but overall this game was heaps of fun to play.<br /><br />As for the campy storyline, it follows up on the events in the first Ubersoldier game - but it doesn't really matter if you've never played the original.  You take on the role of Karl Stolz, whose work in the German underground movement has already put an end to the Third Reich's plans to reanimate dead soldiers with a little something called T8.  Now the resistance has learned of a T9 program, so your job is to go in and find out what the heck the desperate German scientists are up to now in the final days of World War II.  You've got a pretty hot little partner called Maria, and resistance forces pop in from time to time to help you out, but you'll have to do all the dirty work on your own - from base camps to secret underground labs to a moving train to the streets of Berlin and all the way to a Tibetan temple, of all places.  The AI isn't bad, as the bad guys do try to hide behind cover and do try to sneak up on you from time to time (although the fact that they tend to yell \\"Yarrr\\" immediately before attacking tends to give them away).<br /><br />Ubersoldier 2's little claim to fame are its Ubersniper and Berserker modes.  Knife three enemies within a certain amount of time, and you temporarily turn into an unstoppable killing machine.  Register three head shots in close proximity, and you go into this weird Matrix mode where time slows down and you just go off on anything that gets in your way.  On top of that, you also get extra experience points which you can use to upgrade your abilities after each chapter of the story - and that can come in really handy because some of the bosses are not easy to bring down.  You really can't ask much more from a low-budget FPS than Ubersoldier 2 delivers.attacking tends to give them away).<br /><br />Ubersoldier 2's little claim to fame are its Ubersniper and Berserker modes.  Knife three enemies within a certain amount of time, and you temporarily turn into an unstoppable killing machine.  Register three head shots in close proximity, and you go into this weird Matrix mode where time slows down and you just go off on anything that gets in your way.  On top of that, you also get extra experience points which you can use to upgrade your abilities after each chapter of the story - and that can come in really handy because some of the bosses are not easy to bring down.  You really can't ask much more from a low-budget FPS than Ubersoldier 2 delivers.