I realize that most negative reviews posted here have been regarding the DRM and always online requirement.  While I'll agree that has been a major nuisance and limitation to the game, there's more absent from this game than just the simple inability to play when one chooses (a major flaw in its own right).<br /><br />First, the game has a very limiting feel to it.  I've played SimCity since version 1.0 in the early nineties and not since that version have I felt so boxed in.  The city size, the method for which zones are laid down, the size and scale of certain city facilities.  There seems to be no organic aspect to this game, and it brings back memories of the Societies debacle from a few years ago.  From SC4, I could build a network of major roads and then spray a large residential zone within a major road loop and all of the smaller streets would auto create (sometimes with a bit of frustration, but nonetheless).  In the new SC, I spend most of my time redesigning road layouts to maximize the usage of my zones.<br /><br />Build your city your way is simply not the case.  And while I don't want this to be a rant on the city size, it cannot be ignored.  We've gone from small cities in SC1 to medium cities SC2000 to all-out metropolises in SC4. Part of the excitement and what has kept me occasionally going back to a 10 year old game in SC4 is the almost hobby nature associated with building and cultivating a large, mega city with all of the intricacies, challenges, and endless opportunities for uniqueness.  The new Simcity completely fails in this regard as the new city size feels almost claustrophobic.  It would be one thing if the region seemed more connected, but instead it feels like you're building a vacuum that has some distant connection to a far away land.  You have almost zero control on designing the connection between one neighboring city to another, that's already been done for you.<br /><br />The online integration of this game has created unending frustration.  No ability to locally save is the big negative for me.  I recognize the desire for a server connection for DRM or other reasons, but not allowing me to save my game locally just opens up EA to constant complaints about lost game saves, etc.  This is extremely frustrating (as I've already lost 3 cities to the apparent server outage of 3/6).<br /><br />I've often explained Simcity to non Simcity players as the modern version of collecting model trains.  It is not really a computer game, but more of digital hobby machine.  A place where creativity and design can be tested in real-world with mathematics and simulation.  This new Simcity completely misses that mark.  While its pretty, it fails as the open creative world so well mastered in its last true previous iteration.  Furthermore, the simulation engine appears to fail at creating an accurate sim environment.ustration.  No ability to locally save is the big negative for me.  I recognize the desire for a server connection for DRM or other reasons, but not allowing me to save my game locally just opens up EA to constant complaints about lost game saves, etc.  This is extremely frustrating (as I've already lost 3 cities to the apparent server outage of 3/6).<br /><br />I've often explained Simcity to non Simcity players as the modern version of collecting model trains.  It is not really a computer game, but more of digital hobby machine.  A place where creativity and design can be tested in real-world with mathematics and simulation.  This new Simcity completely misses that mark.  While its pretty, it fails as the open creative world so well mastered in its last true previous iteration.  Furthermore, the simulation engine appears to fail at creating an accurate sim environment.