This game can be a lot of fun, but also gets very frustrating as it progresses. Initially you can develop and expand, make alliances and royal ties, and it's a good time. But as you progress the game tries to shut you down and pretty much ends. Give up having fun taking over all of Europe, because this game won't let it happen. Coalitions will quickly form if you expand too fast. This makes sense to some extent as it's common for nations to react to a changing balance of power. But this game will form Coalitions that would never exist in history. Muslim and Christian nations, different geographic regions, etc. It will also form multiple Coalitions, and they will attack constantly if you are too successful, regardless of your prior relations. And if you think some powerful allies will keep this in check, think again. Most of the other major powers will quickly make you a Rival once you are close to their size. Once this happens you can give up on any diplomacy with them. The Coalition system really makes a lot of sense and works early in the game, but there seems to be a tipping point where it effectively shuts your game down. If you make it past the constant attacks from Coalitions you'll crumble internally thanks to the ridiculous Core system.<br /><br />You see, you have to spend a lot of resources on turning conquered territory into a 'Core' province of your empire. If you don't your empire will be quickly overextended and basically will fall apart. But it goes further than that, because as you grow and expand the Core process takes longer and longer and gets more and more expensive. This draws out your expansion dramatically and really just forces you to slow down no matter how good your strategy is. I get their idea behind this but it needs to be drastically reduced in importance. The game ends once you hit the last year so they shouldn't have roadblocks in place just to prevent expansion.<br /><br />I feel like this game needs an 'Arcade' version. A mode of play that keeps Coalitions more rational (only between bordering nations and traditional allies of those nations), reduces or removes the Core requirement, and allows diplomacy even with a Rival. That being said I've spent many hours enjoying the first half of games. I just wish it stay fun enough for me to finish one.<br /><br />Tip: One way around the Coalition problem is to use a cheat in the game the instantly wins all wars. This way you can at least make a white peace if Coalitions keep declaring war on you until things cool down. There is also a great mod that makes turning provinces into Cores an instant process so you can keep expanding but still have to invest in your new territory.