I was not going to buy Far Cry 3, because Far Cry 2 had been a massive disappointment to me: I did not know why I was doing any of the things I was doing. There was just nothing that grabbed me. I only bought it because it was cheap and after playing for about two hours traded it in. Far Cry on the other hand I had really enjoyed. So where does FC3 sit? Well and truly on to.<br /><br />I'm not a big fan of shooters, Call of Duty and Medal of Honour, Battlefield have mostly passed me by. I had some hopes for Resident Evil 6, and enjoyed it, but in the end the quicktime events caught up to me, and I wasn't going to buy FC3 because of FC2 and the face of the game (Vaas) who I thought initially was the player's character. Discovering that he is actually the bad guy changed my interest a little, and finding out the plot (you and your friends are kidnapped by Vaas and his men, you and your older brother escape, but he is killed in the process, and now you're out to free your friends) made the package more appealing, and having recently bought a laptop that could actually handle this game, I figured, Xmas treat.<br /><br />What sets this game appart from the original FC is that it is more RPG focused. You evolve by doing missions, which allows you to learn new skills. You gain the ability to carry more ammo, weapons etc by hunting animals, and at no point do you get abilities that confound reality. There are some that clearly bend believability (like taking less damage from explosions and fire) and of course you can get hit by a few bullets before you die (not that you know where they hit anyway), but on the whole the path it takes is between realism and enjoyability. So, it's not S.T.A.L.K.E.R. where if you're unlucky one shot kills you, but you also should not ignore getting hit. Let's forgive this for the moment, because there is also no permanent death and saving isn't an option in life.<br /><br />And much like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. it is an open world, but not set in the dreary and depressing Chernobyl, but rather on Rook Island, which probably isn't all that close to the one in PNG, though the tropical setting and so forth are probably a parallel. Still it reminded me more of what you see of Hawaii in shows like Hawaii Five-O, but I digress. Like Stalker it is a sand box shooter, so not like Doom and the ilk, where you have a corridor with a few paths you might be able to choose, but mostly one corridor is all you get, rather you have a few islands and you can go which ever way you want to. You also need to make your own way between missions and story points, though there is fast travel (as you clear pirate camps), boats, quad bikes, jet ski, cars and trucks, hang gliders and then some all of which you control (and there are some travel sequences where you are in a chopper and man the gun, or in a boat and man the gun, or in a plane and ... umm, no gun on that one. But mostly you are in charge. Actually that is something that stood out: even in sequences that are scripted, you still remain involved. It's not just a movie, rather it's ... an experience. Also, being an open world you can ignore the game for a fair while, by doing side quests, clearing pirate camps and exploring. There are a lot of sites worth visiting and because of the FC typical long draw distances, it is a beautiful place to visit.<br /><br />Game play is great, no real surprises there, you can't carry huge number of weapons, though you can carry a lot, once you earn it. But what really shines is the characters and the story. Voice acting (especially Sam, an undercover operative in the people smuggling outfit that's behind a lot of the bad stuff) is superb. Jason is probably the weakest of the characters, but I'd say he is meant to be that. But the part that makes the game great is that it tries to stay grounded. You don't go against huge monsters, rather the tougher enemies are using harder weapons and are wearing body armor. Yes there are sequences that are bizarre, but these are in the context of drug use. Oh yeah, sound track: not many songs crop up, though MIA is in the intro, and there is a mission where Skrillex starts pumping. Mostly it's ambient sounds and nothing interferes but when there is music it blends in and fits perfectly.<br /><br />Some reviews in the dedicated media have mentioned that there are choices that could have been made to make the game better, especially with regards to Vaas (being the face of the game). Sure that is true, but this is more an issue of second guessing. The story is great, it drags you along and although there are some cliches, others that appear obvious don't happen (or happen different to how you expect), keeping the whole thing interesting.<br /><br />So, a lot of things in favor of the game, what's wrong with it? Quicktime events, there aren't many, and when they are there they are short, still being on a PC some of them are ... convoluted. I touch type, I know where the \\"Q\\" key is, but I'm not conscious of this. When it's in a word I press it without thinking about it. When you are suddenly told \\"Mash Q\\" you may struggle. Also, the mouse in some sequences in a pain to use (mostly when someone else is driving the vehicle and you are aiming). Granted this does add realism at the time, but is frustrating. Also there are some bugs, like a waterfall effect of your view staying with you (which is totally awesome when you think about it), and some missions are very linear which grates with the overall freedom. There are some stealth missions where I mostly followed the online guides because the entire setting is BS. Actually, the stealth system is overall a bit on the weak side, being too easy for the most part in the open world, and a complete pain in missions. Still overall it is well done, and if I liked stealth sequences, I'd probably feel differently. From a moral stand point, well you are running around killing, and the game does take the time to deal with it, but drugs ... drug use is in there and although it's not a glorification, and in fact not really a choice issue at all, it does make you wonder. There is one mission where you are stoned because the marijuana fields around you are burning, and you feel pretty invulnerable (though you can still die, it does feel like the difficulty is tilted in your favor all of a sudden). But I might just have finally been getting good, I don't know if it genuinely does something there.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is a game aimed at adults, and it shows. It is a polished affair and it takes itself seriously. There is a huge variety of things to do and through the entire experience it stays fun. There are a couple of instances where I felt that we are getting to a point of \\"this is stupid\\", which mostly were stealth sequences, but on the whole the game kept me coming back without major frustration (though some minor frustration). If Amazon allowed it, this would probably be closer to a 4.5 out of 5, but given the scale, 4 out of 5 seems fair.e, but these are in the context of drug use. Oh yeah, sound track: not many songs crop up, though MIA is in the intro, and there is a mission where Skrillex starts pumping. Mostly it's ambient sounds and nothing interferes but when there is music it blends in and fits perfectly.<br /><br />Some reviews in the dedicated media have mentioned that there are choices that could have been made to make the game better, especially with regards to Vaas (being the face of the game). Sure that is true, but this is more an issue of second guessing. The story is great, it drags you along and although there are some cliches, others that appear obvious don't happen (or happen different to how you expect), keeping the whole thing interesting.<br /><br />So, a lot of things in favor of the game, what's wrong with it? Quicktime events, there aren't many, and when they are there they are short, still being on a PC some of them are ... convoluted. I touch type, I know where the \\"Q\\" key is, but I'm not conscious of this. When it's in a word I press it without thinking about it. When you are suddenly told \\"Mash Q\\" you may struggle. Also, the mouse in some sequences in a pain to use (mostly when someone else is driving the vehicle and you are aiming). Granted this does add realism at the time, but is frustrating. Also there are some bugs, like a waterfall effect of your view staying with you (which is totally awesome when you think about it), and some missions are very linear which grates with the overall freedom. There are some stealth missions where I mostly followed the online guides because the entire setting is BS. Actually, the stealth system is overall a bit on the weak side, being too easy for the most part in the open world, and a complete pain in missions. Still overall it is well done, and if I liked stealth sequences, I'd probably feel differently. From a moral stand point, well you are running around killing, and the game does take the time to deal with it, but drugs ... druguse is in there and although it's not a glorification, and in fact not really a choice issue at all, it does make you wonder. There is one mission where you are stoned because the marijuana fields around you are burning, and you feel pretty invulnerable (though you can still die, it does feel like the difficulty is tilted in your favor all of a sudden). But I might just have finally been getting good, I don't know if it genuinely does something there.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is a game aimed at adults, and it shows. It is a polished affair and it takes itself seriously. There is a huge variety of things to do and through the entire experience it stays fun. There are a couple of instances where I felt that we are getting to a point of \\"this is stupid\\", which mostly were stealth sequences, but on the whole the game kept me coming back without major frustration (though some minor frustration). If Amazon allowed it, this would probably be closer to a 4.5 out of 5, but given the scale, 4 out of 5 seems fair.