This game will get high reviews pretty much anywhere you look.  The voice acting was stellar, with a great vocabulary that didn't talk down to you like you were stupid, and has the guy who played Megabyte in the cartoon series Reboot so who couldn't like that?  The story is also compelling with treachery, evil, and less black and white than gray.  You'll be kept wanting to see more.  I didn't even mind the over use of block puzzles as much as some.<br /><br />So the reason for a non-perfect score?  Technically, the game is as ancient as its PS1 port and it shows.  The aforementioned block puzzles as filler and some clipping are signs of the times it came out, but they're not game ruining.  I have to break my notes about the game play into two sections, the game mechanics as they were intended and how it runs on a new system.<br /><br />The only real problems I had with the game itself, other than somewhat shoddy button detection that will have you sometimes striking a door a couple of times before it opens, is that it's very easy to get lost.  This was from a time that padded games a lot so you'd get more time playing them so there are a lot of odd little steps you have to do to solve puzzles.  Combat is also a bit repetitive and sometimes hit detection can be an issue.  Neither ruin the game, but I'd suggest you find a free guide online for the puzzles and be ready to be lost quite a bit of the time if you don't have a photographic memory of locations.<br /><br />Now, the problems with the game are basically due to it coming out in 1999.  There are some sound drops and things that will annoy, but not ruin anything.  Generally, restarting will fix it, but the save system is punishing in that you can save at any time, but you always start a load back at the beginning.  If you're in the middle of a big puzzle or haven't found the warp gate yet, you'll be replaying a lot of the game to get there.  The other is controllers.  This was out prior to the analog controller being the norm on PCs so most controllers will make Raziel run around in circles.  There are supposed to be some software things you can run for your controller to make it work, but the most reliable I've found is to get a PS2 to USB adapter for your PC and then run your PS2 controller with analog off.  There's normally a button for it.  All told I think I spent less than $10 for the adapter and a PS2 controller some years back, so I was all set and had no problems playing.<br /><br />So in short, this is a great game, but it shows its age and you may be stuck using a keyboard to play it and that's a little painful.  By far, Soul Reaver 2 is the better game in my opinion with a worlds better camera to boot.  I played that one first on an actual PS2 and enjoyed it enough to start on this whole series.  You'll lose some, but easily be able to pick up the main story without playing this one.  On the other hand, it's dirt cheap when on sale so give it a shot.  Worst case you quit in the middle and best you have a jolly good time.most controllers will make Raziel run around in circles.  There are supposed to be some software things you can run for your controller to make it work, but the most reliable I've found is to get a PS2 to USB adapter for your PC and then run your PS2 controller with analog off.  There's normally a button for it.  All told I think I spent less than $10 for the adapter and a PS2 controller some years back, so I was all set and had no problems playing.    So in short, this is a great game, but it shows its age and you may be stuck using a keyboard to play it and that's a little painful.  By far, Soul Reaver 2 is the better game in my opinion with a worlds better camera to boot.  I played that one first on an actual PS2 and enjoyed it enough to start on this whole series.  You'll lose some, but easily be able to pick up the main story without playing this one.  On the other hand, it's dirt cheap when on sale so give it a shot.  Worst case you quit in the middle and best you have a jolly good time.