I can not speak to the technical difficulties mentioned by the other reviewers.  I downloaded my version of this game from GOG (great old games) dot com.  It runs flawlessly - even in multiball modes.  Modern PCs should eat this up, as this game was written for late-90's PC technology.  Don't, however, let this dissuade you.  Fantastic Journey - as are all tables in the Pro Pinball series, is gorgeous and the graphics hold up incredibly well.  This game (and series) was created by pinball aficionados for pinball aficionados.  It is clearly a labor of love, down to the last detail.  For example, you can see small scratches in the ball that rotate along with the ball. The ball actually has \\"spin\\", and it's not a graphic element.  The ball actually reacts to the spin direction.  If you do some research into the Pro Pinball series, you will find that it is widely coveted, and it has rightfully earned cult status among pinball players as the most authentic pinball simulation ever written.  I am a lifelong pinball player, since the late-60's when tables were ubiquitous -- found in arcades, movie lobbies, bars, restaurants, corner candy stores. I have had (and still have) many pinball simulations on my PC, tablet, and smart phone.  Most that were written are rubbish, quite frankly -- only a handful are worth the diskspace.  Really - it's down to the Pro Pinball series, FarSight Pinball Arcade (which recreates classic tables -- though not for the PC), freeware programs Future Pinball and Visual Pinball (written for the PC, quality varies by table -- but they're good and they're free), and Microsoft Pinball Arcade (old/rare).  That's it.  These are all that are worth playing IF you want a simulation that captures the spirit of a physical pinball table.<br /><br />Of these, if I was stranded on a desert island, my pick would be the Pro Pinball tables -- Timeshock! (science fiction/time travel theme), Big Race USA (racing theme), and Fantastic Journey (Jules Verne steampunk theme).  Straight-up, ignore the other reviews.  These games are truly classics.  In fact, I'll sheepishly admit I prefer these to many/most actual physical tables I've played.  The developers did an excellent job leveraging the power of computer technology and merging it with \\"pinball\\".  For example -- if you want to talk \\"replay value\\"?  Nothing tops these games.  Pinball by its very nature is different game to game due to the randomness of the ball movement.  Next - take the rule set. Deepest of any table ever created. There are guides on line of the various modes and challenges of each table, the PDF guides are dozens of pages.  Pinball is a sport - like darts and pool that requires skill and strategy, but with a board game element and offensive and defensive components.  It requires one to think, as much as react.  Pro Pinball understands these aspects and nails them. Pinball is a unique and outstanding sport - which is why is was incredibly popular for generations before the digital and home game console era.<br /><br />The Pro Pinball tables were made for real pinball players and fans of the sport of pinball.  If you enjoy pinball and understand the game, these tables are simply a \\"must have\\". I'd suggest getting the tables in order - start with Timeshock!.  Then move to Big Race USA, and finally the last of the series Fantastic Journey.  I have no favorites among these three.  Each is nothing short of brilliant - from ball physics, to graphics, to sounds, to table design, to rule set. I admire and appreciate the craft and dedication it must have taken the developers to produce these.<br /><br />As of this writing, I've learned the original developers have a Kickstart going to port these classic tables to mobile devices and to continue the series. (And no, I am in no way affiliated with the development team...)  I wish them well and hope they're able to continue this outstanding series of pinball simulations.