The idea of a silly shooter in the PvZ world sounds great, and the game almost works. But now that Popcap was purchased by EA, this game is ruined by decisions that smell like the corporate suits maximizing revenue instead of gamers maximizing fun. The original PvZ was a classic: funny, addictive and clever gameplay that was perfectly paced. PvZ 2 was classic EA - pull the fun out and make every step as painful as possible and push microtransactions, and this sadly is also flawed similarly. PvZ:GW still can be fun, but until a lot of grinding is done (or a lot of in game purchases) new players are at large disadvantages to those who have unlocked and upgraded their units.    So now for the good...    As a basic shooter, it has promise and works for a bit - a bit sillier than the big kid shooters + no blood + obviously not real, so the younger kids can play. The plants and zombies are pretty different and entertaining, and there is some of the charms of the original PvZ. There are 4 classes in each team, with each class now having several variants. The variants aren't that differently mostly, but add a bit of flavor and are more fun than the standard characters. Instead of a plain pea shooter, you can be one that shoots fireballs or iceballs or plasma balls or etc. Some work better than others, and will affect how you play. You can also choose to be either Crazy Dave or the Zomboss blimp as part of boss mode. It is kind of cute, and at times you have fun as the gameplay is usually decent.    So that is the good, now for the bad...    You only start off with the basic plants and zombies, do not have their advanced moves, and no upgrades for them so they will do a lot less damage and reload slower and be easier to kill. So yes, newer players start off with a giant handicap versus the veterans. The advanced moves are unlocked after just a few hours of play for each character, but the best way to get upgrades is the PvP modes (and the only way to play the zombies). Sincethis is EA and they value your money over your enjoyment, getting all the characters variants and their upgrades will take either hundreds of hours or hundreds of dollars of in game coin purchases. Defeating a lesser zombie will give you 5 coins or 25 coins for a hero or enemy player, and after you collect 30 THOUSAND coins you can buy an online \\"sticker pack\\" for Legends of the Lawn (one of the three current sticker groups besides Zomboss Down or the initial set). This will give you 1 piece of a new character, and if you get all 5 pieces you can use that character. After you get the character, you have a chance in future packs to get upgrades for him (3 upgrade cards per character) which increase damage or reload speed or health or such. 8 characters with 5 pieces is 40 packs minimum to get the characters, and then probably another 10 or so to get all the upgrades. So that is 1.2 to 1.5 million coins to get all of that set, and coins costs $10 for 200k. There are also Zomboss Down packs (only 20k per pack so only .8 to 1.0 million for them), and the basic chars (1 plain starter char and 1 char per class you get from in game levels and the 4 variants at 10k per pack so figure maybe 2 million there). It is possible that you will have to earn a million+ coins to get even one complete new character, and you don't get to choose which one it is. In the old days you would get these chars unlocked after a couple of hours of play when defeating a level, but now you have to choose between grinding through the same maps/games many many times or a lot of in game purchases.    It's all online only, and they try to make the worst of it. It requires the Origin application, and that wants to be a service that runs all the time.  You start the game, and it has to connect to EA servers so you will wait a minute at start. To play a game (even one by yourself), there are several menus and several countdowns and a lot of waiting before and after each game, so you have a 5 minute waitbetween each game. You get to choose the basic gameplay mode, but not the map.  It is not possible to get your friends into the same game unless you get lucky as everyone gets thrown into random games, and it takes 5 minutes to see who else is playing. You may wait the 5 minutes between games and get stuck in a game that ends immediately.  The other team may be full, so you may be forced to play for one team or the other. The game is only 6 months old, and already most of the game modes are empty outside of prime time game hours. There is also intermittent lag issues, and the game handles them poorly. At some point, EA is going to kill the servers and then the game will stop working completely, but most of the game modes require 20 people to enjoy anyway. Even with all the hassle, there are cheaters that somehow can one hit kill anyone. Though since some weapons are one hit kills you and there are lag issues you have to die a couple of times to make sure there is a cheater, and it's not possible to boot someone.    There is all this time waiting, but while you are doing that you can't even examine your items or customize your zombie or use your \\"skip challenge\\" cards or anything. The only thing you can do is buy new sticker packs and spend real money on buying in game coins, and I can't help but think that this is on purpose. You have to sit there and wait, so why not just spend more? The skip challenge stickers are very annoying too - you can only use them when you are actually playing a game, so you have to miss game time to use them.    There is a very limited cooperative mode of play called \\"Garden Ops\\": up to 4 plants can protect a garden and help out Crazy Dave. You can invite friends to this mode and are only fighting against bots, so this is the one area you can play with younger players and not die continually. In the other modes you will be facing human opponents, so newer player can spend 95% of their time respawning as they will get eaten alive by the good players. You can set up a private game so only you and your friends will be in it, but you need to be very good to beat the levels solo as the game doesn't scale based on the number of players. There is no option to play with zombies this way. There are some cool bosses in this mode that don't show up anywhere else, but there are only 4 maps or so and you are always guarding a garden so it gets repetitive. Getting coins this way for upgrades is a good deal slower than playing against real players, but you can at least learn the basics for the plants this way.    There are hundreds of cards to personalize your characters looks and taunts that are also in the sticker packs. There is no way to opt out of this, and it is possible to buy packs and only get the weapon skins or etc instead of any new character pieces or weapon upgrades. Very very frustrating, as it can take a long time to get a new 20K pack so I really wish they would guarantee a certain number of character pieces or weapon upgrades in a pack. You also get stickers to summon zombies or plants in game, but the best zombies summons are much more powerful and they are mobile and it tends to tip the versus games to the zombie side. The summoned plants are all easy to kill and stationary and at most medium range, so after a little play you can take care of them fairly safely.    There are 6 other versus game modes, but most of them are not very popular. There is Vanguish and Vanguish Confirmed where your team basically have to get a certain number of kills, but if the game isn't full this can be problematic. It will take a long time for only a couple of players to get the kills in, and if the other team quits it is possible to have no one to fight so you can't complete the game. Gnome Bomb, Suburbination and Taco Bandits are different but don't seem to have enough players to keep things going, and the games are too quick so you end up in the menus too much so I gave them up. Some games require a certain number of people per side to start, and you may wait through menus and then get stuck in game waiting for others to join which may never happen. No way to check who you are playing with or how many people are queued up to play either, though you can see how many people are on your team and what class they are.    The one popular mode is Gardens and Graveyards - the plants defend their lands, and the zombies have to advance through several stages by taking control of a key point and holding it. If they succeed, they move to the next area, if they fail the plants win and it is game over. The last level has a special objective for each map for the zombies which changes things up a bit: get 5 zombies in Dave's mansion, push a golf cart bomb into a hole, destroy a giant sunflower, or destroy a giant cuke bomb. But there are only 4 maps, so you will be doing the same maps over and over. Since the menus are such a waste of time, it makes the most sense to play zombies and get to the end phase. You don't get coins while you are in a game countdown or some menu!    For all the versus modes, the teams can be very unbalanced very quickly both in quality and quantity of players. It is possible to be the only character left battling a dozen others, or playing a game without any opponents at all (which can be completed in all but the Vanquish modes). If a team isn't full, anyone from the other team can switch over to get the \\"win\\" bonus as long as they aren't the last player. The game really should fill out any empty spots with bots - the Garden Ops mode has bots for the Zombies, so this shouldn't be too bad. Wouldn't be as good as more good players, but better than going solo versus 12 commandos camping at your spawn site.    There are a lot of ingame design decisions that I don't like - the screen displays icons for all enemy players that are behind cover or too far away, so it is hard to sneak up on anyone. Allied players don't get icons however, so you can't find them easily. Thespawning logic is dumb, so you may respawn with guys behind you or in front of you and if you know the map you can take advantage of things and make someone miserable. When you spawn in, you have a couple of seconds where you are out of synch and can't see the other players or use your powers. There is no battle map to view the current level, but there are invisible walls that will prevent you from moving in a direction and other invisible lines that if you cross you get 3 seconds to get back from or you die. The game is set to have the microphone on automatically, so lots of people will play as their baby screams in the background or they argue with their moms or whatever. The button to mute other players is only available after you finish a game, so after one round you can turn it off, but it will come back in the next session. There is no in game texts which should be mandatory for a PC game. There are a couple of little bugs that are also annoying - you can get stuck in planting mode and will stay until you respawn, lag can cause all sorts of issues, but not too many.    All in all, parts of this can be fun and I want to like a game like this for playing with my pre-teen son or him playing with his friends. But playing with your friends is really not easy besides the Garden Ops mode, and playing in the larger versus games means you have people swearing in the mic and playing at very high levels which is not good for beginning players. There is so much waiting around in these games it is obvious no one actually plays the game over at EA, and getting levels is a definite grind where they want you to cough up more in game purchases. So this is definitely a love hate relationship - I love PvZ and love the idea and sometimes enjoy playing it, but there are so many things that get in the way of enjoying the game I have to hesitate recommending it.