If I wanted to play another AC title, I would buy an AC title. SoM takes everything from AC and somehow manages to mess it all up. I am a huge LotR fan, but I can not even get a small amount of enjoyment out of this title.    To start, the GFX are not on par. Most likely because it was made for PS3 and XB360 and then tweaked for new systems. When the protagonist first appeared I looked at his poorly done face and hair and just thought \\"here we go.\\"    The world may not look bad, it is hard to tell because Mordor is always dark. Seeing things is a pain in the butt. The character takes up a good 1/3rd of the screen unless you sprint. So I have this giant cloak with a little bit to the left. So much of the screen is wasted because they wanted to be so zoomed in for no reason.    In order to see more you have to sprint. This is a bad idea because at any moment you can run into a band of patrolling orcs. So it is basically move to a spot, go wraith to see whats out there, move a little more, repeat. Getting into a fight with 5 or more orcs is not recommended.    Moving into combat. I don't know if they wanted a lose your way to victory type deal or what. They have a pretty neat system in place. If an orc beats you he moves up in rank and may challenge his captain to a duel. If he wins that he moves up higher. Problem is they almost always beat you. If it were one on one it may be different. However every time, every single time I face a named orc two to three more show up. So now there are three of them and it only takes two hits for you to die. There was a certain orc that, no matter where I was on the map, would show up when I engaged a named and he would always show up when my health was low. Being able to execute a stunned enemy is nice when you can use it. However if there is more than one orc it is not worth trying. You can get through the part of the animation where you stab the orc in the heart and neck, but the other guy will knock you off before you can slit the throat and that's a no go for death. The orc will just get back up and come at you. The animation takes way too long. If they were going to carbon copy AC they could have at least got combat right.    Like most games the camera just straight sucks. There isn't a more straight forward way to convey that. I was fighting a named orc, right before my buddy showed up, and we were not even on the screen. I was looking at a rock and a shrub while we fought some where below. Try to move the camera a little and it will zoom in that direction. Try to maneuver it to see enemies and it will just move all around you like a drunk mosquito.    Another annoyance worth mentioning are the cut scenes when a named orc joins the fight. which i was getting 2 to three times per. The screen zooming into a face saying \\"I could smell your blood from blah blah blah...\\" can really have an effect on what you were doing. Cut scene ends and oh by the way you were countering but took you finger off the button. Opps your dead.    It's a horrible game. There is no other way to put it. WB just tried to mash a bunch of \\"been there done that\\" mechanics into a LotR game in hopes they could grab multiple audiences. They even went as far as to give the main guy a broken sword that is almost identical to Narsil. They wanted him to portray Aragorn it seems. But I don't remember Aragorn hiding in bushes and sneaking around trying to back stab enemies one at a time because he had weak combat skills.