I was disappointed by Alice: Madness Returns.  I bought it based on the original American McGee's Alice, which is one of my all-time favorite games.  My one favorable comment is that the environment and enemies are novel, interesting and great to look at (perhaps this is what McGee is really good at).  However, the level design and game play combine with the lack of a proper save feature to make working your way through the environment and fighting the enemies anything from tedious to infuriating.  A:MR is a \\"platform\\" game, which means that moving around requires you to jump and float between platforms suspended in space.  To add interest, some platforms move, are normally invisible or appear magically or when you find and operate some switch.  A little bit of jumping is OK (as in the original Alice), but in A:MR there is all together too much.  If you are really good at this jumping, it's tedious because it's not challenging.  If you aren't so good, it's tedious because the lack of a player-controlled save feature means that, after a failure, the game decides where you must start again.  This dooms you to repeat the same sections over and over again.  There are \\"collectibles\\" and special switches and locations that you must find in order to get the most out of the game.  This encourages you to explore the environment.  But, at several points, if you wander around to decide where to go next, a door will slam behind you cutting you off from important items.  You can't save the game at points of your choosing and the automatic save triggers when the door closes so you can't even go back and repeat everything since the previous automatic save to get to the interesting places you have seen.  This is just plain bad level design.  Fighting the easier enemies is reasonably well done and enjoyable.  But when things get tough and you need to use the more advanced combat features the game gets in your way and causes more frustration.  You have to use \\"focus mode\\" to direct your fire at successive enemies in a crowd and to get at vulnerable spots on otherwise invulnerable enemies.  In this mode, the game controls the camera position and often makes very bad choices.  Sometimes you can't even see what you're shooting at.  As the camera swings about, I find it very hard to stay oriented on Alice and move her in the right direction.  You're supposed to be able to change focus targets, but this doesn't work for me.  However, the game will change targets spontaneously or just drop out of focus mode, further messing up the situation because your defense item doesn't work outside of this mode.  If, in spite of all this, you manage to get through the combat scene, you'll probably do so with a low health score.  You may want to use what you've learned to try again and come out with better health.  We'll, you can't.  The game saves your position at the end of the combat, complete with low health.  If you can't build up your health again before the next major combat, you can be completely stuck.  I had to play through a combat dozens of times in this situation until I lucked out and made it through.  My other only option would have been to start the whole game again from the beginning.  Other misfeatures of the game are childish puzzles, cheap-looking side-scrolling mini-games, spelling errors in the subtitles (Alice says that her madness is \\"passed\\" a cure) and a number of bugs and crashes that require you to restart the game (from a point decided by the game).  My overall impression was that the budget for A:MR's development was spent on the design of the environment and enemies and everything else, from play-testing to proofreading the sub-titles, was poorly done.