I remember playing a game in elementary school where you'd play as a fish, just swimming around the ocean and eating other fish. As you progressed, you changed color and shape, until you because king of the sea. I still don't know what game that was, but Feeding Frenzy 2 here is identical to it, and that's not a bad thing. This game is a blast to play, though you can't help but expect that from PopCap, the makers of Peggle, Plants vs Zombies and many more just plain fun games.<br /><br />The game plays exactly like my short memory summary above- you play as a small fish, and eat your way up, becoming bigger as you progress. Each level has basic tiny fish you eat as your standard food, but there are also predators lurking about, and they'll snap you up just as quickly as you devour the little fish. The further you get in the game, you'll earn new looks and more (like the ability to inhale schools of fish). Things also get MUCH more difficult after just a couple of levels. It might not sound that fun on paper, but once you start playing and realize how frantic everything gets, you can't stop. Oddly enough, for a game that really is a frenzy of all sorts, there's a lot of concentration involved- if you just move the analog stick around, you're gonna get chomped. And even then, you don't want to stay to the sides of the screen for more than a split second because a predator could appear at any time. I also have to mention the great Mortal Kombat-esque voice that kicks in when you get a Feeding Frenzy in any level. I expected the guy to say 'FLAWLESS VICTORY' half the time.<br /><br />Feeding Frenzy might turn off some potential buyers by being 'more of the same', but with this new version, there's a lot for your money, though there could still be more. For starters, there are over 60 levels, power ups, bonus stages, a 4 player co-op mode (no online sadly), and different game modes to play. And it has trophy support too for those trophy hunters out there. The only reason I'm not giving it a full 5 stars is because of the lack of an online co-op mode. That would've been fun since I don't know many other people who'd be up for playing a game like this. I guess my only other slight nitpick is that controlling your fish can get tricky at times because when you hit the analog stick in any direction, your fish is over there faster than you can say 'Nemo'.<br /><br />As far as the graphics go, this game is very basic and won't be impressing anyone, but it still looks good and runs without a hitch. The music's nice and relaxing at times too.<br /><br />Feeding Frenzy 2 is an excellent game, great for adults, kids and families too. In fact, this would be a perfect game for parents to play with their kids, especially with the low amount the ps3 has. At least give the demo a shot- you've got nothing to lose.it a full 5 stars is because of the lack of an online co-op mode. That would've been fun since I don't know many other people who'd be up for playing a game like this. I guess my only other slight nitpick is that controlling your fish can get tricky at times because when you hit the analog stick in any direction, your fish is over there faster than you can say 'Nemo'.    As far as the graphics go, this game is very basic and won't be impressing anyone, but it still looks good and runs without a hitch. The music's nice and relaxing at times too.    Feeding Frenzy 2 is an excellent game, great for adults, kids and families too. In fact, this would be a perfect game for parents to play with their kids, especially with the low amount the ps3 has. At least give the demo a shot- you've got nothing to lose.