To think that I didn't wanna play this game because it's based on warfare! Big mistake!  Even though it's based on warfare, there's a human element to the game (the characters' hardships and sorrow) and there is little action/combat. (The action comes in short bursts. For example: dodging a spray of bullets.) It mainly revolves around solving environmental puzzles (which I enjoyed - the puzzles were cleverly designed, yet doable) and stealth. The game uses a trajectory system when it comes to hurling objects. There is a hint section if you get stuck, but I think it's fairly easy sailing, so you won't depend on it a lot.     This game is a work of art. It's graphically beautiful and the range of colors is stunning. It's based on world war 1 and pays respect to those who have fought the great war. I studied world war 1 years ago, but like most students, the minute I handed in my exam paper, the information evaporated. So this game helped brush my knowledge.    Valiant Hearts is done in 2D, comic book style art. (I'm honestly getting hooked on comic-style games.) Don't let the cartoonish graphics fool you, this game is emotional and deep. The game's score is haunting and sorrowful. It centers around four main characters: Emile (Frenchman), Karl (German), Freddie (American) and Anna (Belgian). Each one has a story and their paths interconnect. You experience the conflict from the outset. The ruins and explosions. The injured and the casualties.  It honestly tugged at my heartstrings and I paid a silent tribute to those who have fallen.    There are over 100 collectible items and each time you find an item, you get a description of it. These items were used or found during the War. It was very informative and I loved reading about them. Facts about the war, accompanied with real photos, are interspersed throughout your gameplay.    Each character has their strength: For example, Anna can heal the wounded (which consists of Quick Time Event), while Emile has a dog (Doberman) that monumentally assists him. Personally, I loved playing as Emile because the dog is a wonder. Plus, there's a vulnerability to Emile, perhaps, due to his old age (and was forced to go to war). I loved petting the dog. He (she?) is a big asset in this game and adorable.     If you are a history buff and/or love to solve puzzles, then this game will appeal to you. If you have an exam about World War 1, then this can serve as a great Cliff Notes version.  I wouldn't be surprised if history teachers allowed students to play this game like the Norwegian school. (They taught ethics using the Walking Dead video game.) All in all, a fantastic game!