UPDATE MAY 2016:  Because the Heart of Thorns expansion includes the base game and cannot be purchased separately, I can ONLY recommend this (if it's still available) if you're a &#34;gotta have 'em all&#34; mini (pet) collector and want the mini that comes with this set...that is, if it is still exclusive to this set. I am no longer playing.  UPDATED 6-28-2014  If you're planning to buy the game and are wondering if the extra $20 for the Digital Deluxe version is worth the money, I would recommend against it for the reasons listed below.  The first thing you should know is that you can add the &#34;Digital Deluxe&#34; upgrade to your account later, through the in-game gem store. You're not forever giving up the extras by purchasing the regular version of the game, so it is safe to wait and then decide if the goodies are worth it.  Summary of the extras:  Banker Golem: sure, it's nice to have 14 days (it's no longer just 5 days) of &#34;anywhere bank access&#34; on every new character. However, because the game allows inexpensive, instant travel, and because you can access your bank at any crafting station (with stations in nearly every zone), being able to access the bank &#34;out in the wild&#34; is nearly pointless: you can just teleport back to a spot close to a bank access point, then teleport back to a spot a few seconds' run from where you were. It took me a year after making my first characters to find a situation where I wanted to use my banker golems, and even then it just made things slightly more convenient.  Mistfire Wolf: this summon spell is an &#34;Elite&#34; spell, which does not unlock until you're level 30. The wolf is useful for some extra firepower when you are going to take on a tougher foe, or as an &#34;oh, crap&#34; button. However, you can only have one Elite spell in your toolbar at any one time, which means you must forego having any other elite skill in that slot if the wolf is active. You will be purchasing elite skills because you haveto spend a certain number of points to get to the next tier of skills, and every class I've played so far has at least one &#34;summon creature&#34; elite skill to be purchased. Effectively, this means you'll either be using a different skill (which means the wolf was somewhat pointless), or using the wolf (which means you're having to spend points on skills you won't use). I only used the wolf on my first character.  Influence Boost: this adds 1000 influence points to the guild you're currently &#34;representing&#34; (you can join multiple guilds, but your accomplishments only add points to the guild you're currently representing. The guild can spend points on upgrades and boosts for its members). 1000 isn't a lot, and can be purchased in-game for 2 gold. 2 gold at current gems - gold exchange rates in the game is worth about 20 American cents as of June 2014. Also, unless you're making a personal / vanity guild (which is the least cost-effective way of getting more storage space), your guild isn't going to care that you spent the 1000 points on it; a guild of any size is going to get more than that every night from people logging in and doing normal adventuring activities.  Rank Point Boost: this adds 500 structured PvP points to your character (structured PvP in Guild Wars 2 is arena fighting). Structured PvP is played by a relatively small subset of the Guild Wars 2 population; most people who participate in PvP play the World (server) vs World matches instead, which are tactical / strategic battles with objectives to be captured. The rank points enable you to move up in rank, which opens rewards such as different &#34;finisher&#34; animations you can use on the other team member's when they've been downed. Although the finishers are nice for bragging rights, and can be used in World vs. World, the in-game gem store sells some really funny finishers that completely humiliate your downed opponent, and I tend to use those instead. Also, even if you do intend to engage in structured PvP, 500 points is a very small amount.  Miniature Rytock: a miniature is a pet that follows you around. Pets can be purchased as random collections in the gem store or earned in the frequent special events. They have no stats or other play value, so unless you really want this specific pet (they don't do anything) and are sure you're going to have it running around the landscape with you, or intend to have a complete collection, it doesn't add anything to your character. Rytock is a major story NPC in the game.  SUMMARY: if you want to spend an extra $20, I would buy $20 worth of gems in the in-game gem store. That will get you over 150 gold as of June 2014, which is enough to make money a complete non-issue for gearing several level 80 characters.