My gaming setup: AMD X6 1090xt, Windows 7 Ultimate x64, GTX 480, 256GB RAID 0   Crucial M4 for the game partition, 16 GB 1866MHz DDR3.    Here's a very brief background of how much time I spent playing the original   Deus:Ex. I beat the game 5 times including once where I just killed 3 targets   total and used stealth / darts. I loved the original and it's the only game   for the PC that I've bought twice (the CD got damaged during a move). With   that in context, I groaned when I heard about this game. DE: Invisible War   was such a failure that I didn't really expect anything from this game.    Then I read the reviews on metacritic and as I don't trust most reviews anymore,   I wasn't sure what to think. I figured I'd bite the bullet and play the game and   find out. I started playing the game wanting to prove myself right and wanting to  hate the game. That wasn't hard in the first 10-15minutes. The combat system was   not what I expected (this is during the first action sequence) - the AI shot straight   and it didn't take a lot of bullets in \\"normal\\" mode to bring you down. My ego   satisfied about how I was right about this game being \\"meh\\", I figured I'd play for   a little longer and then the spirit of the original Deus Ex showed itself.    I kept playing for 5 hours and was completely hooked. I was wrong about my   assumption but I didn't care. I didn't even care for the main story-line at one point.  Oh \\"steal stuff from morgue?\\" I'll get to it. I love exploration and side-quests and   there's plenty of that. There's innovating hacking that rewards you for taking risks.   The game environment is pretty well done although not as good as the original DE. The   interface for weapons/quests/map is a well-designed one. You make choices and they have   consequences. They really do. There are also lots of references to the earlier game   and to general humor (Nigerian email scam for e.g.,).    Combat seemed a little off as if the developers intentionally want youto use assault  as a last resort. The game rewards you for finding hidden passages in general. You get  rewarded for merciful takedowns where you don't kill your enemies. You get rewarded if  no one spots you when you are on objectives where you walk into enemy dens. You are   rewarded if you trigger no alarms during an objective (or quest). Rewards are usually   XP, money, hacking tools. Maybe I need to get better with cover but this isn't Gears of War!    I didn't pay a lot of attention to the music which means it didn't annoy me. I was not   happy with the graphics in general. There are plenty of graphical glitches- some hard   to spot, some obvious but they don't really detract anything from the gameplay. The engine   seems to be outdated (probably explains the low hardware requirements) and graphics aren't   as shiny as trailers / screenshots led you to believe. The controls have a console-ish feel   to them. The fact you have to hold / tap a key to achieve different results is disappointing.  This is the PC for crying out loud - let us assign different keys if we want to.    Yes, this game requires Steam. Yes, you can quick save and quick load using F5 and F8   respectively. Saving is really fast but loading takes too long (the game is installed   on a RAID0 128GB Crucial M4 SSD set) and load times get progressively worse the longer   you keep playing the game. This is ironic and annoying because it's hard to stop playing.  Poor memory management? Please patch :(. I got about 3 hours of sleep last night.    To summarize...    Pros:  + Excellent gameplay, improves on many (not all) game elements from the original  + Innovative rewards for taking additional risks during gameplay  + Open sandbox style gameplay with a good number of side quests and exploration opportunities  + Plenty of replayability / replay value in this game  + Decent AUG tree / advancement system (see Cons)    Cons:  - Graphics are disappointing. I wasn't expecting a Crysis but the engine looks old and the     glitches don't help  - AI suspicious / warning system feels half-baked  - The character advancement system feels inferior compared to the original Deus Ex (it's an RPG!)  - Gun combat is disappointingly weak and badly done (despite the \\"take cover\\" idea)    Other thoughts:  * Not sure why every female model in the game is busty - the way of the future? AUG implants? (harr harr)  * The futuristic cars/bicycles look silly at best but I guess cyberpunk is forgiving to a large extent    In conclusion, I was going to give this game 4 stars but with the amount of time and   enjoyment I'll get from this game, I might as well be honest with myself. This game is   nothing like the original but comes close enough. I know several years from now I'll pick   up a copy of Deus Ex to play again because that game was/is a cult classic. Human  Revolution probably won't make it to that category but is a strong contender for Game   of the Year 2011.    Update: The long loading times is now patched. The other thing I wanted to add is that the boss   fights can be really annoying to begin with. The first boss isn't walk in the park and can be very   annoying since you don't have a lot of augments and if you are like me, all your advancement is   in hacking and you carry around a tranquilizer rifle. That won't help against bosses where you   need a minimum amount of firepower. So be ready for a good amount of headache against boss-fights   at least in the first few hours...