I didnt buy this since it was offered as a Plus freebie, but I have played it almost exclusively for like two weeks now and have all but the 500km and plat trophy as of this posting. Anyway, this game is simply good addictive fun that ends up taking over your life, lol. Soccer played in rocket powered cars/vans. Laughably simple idea executed to perfection. It features offline seasons and exhibitions so you can play by yourself against bots (not sure if there is local co-op or not) as well as a full tutorial broken down into sections to teach the basic mechanics of the game. However, online matches are definitely the way to go. 1v1, 2v2, 3v3, 4v4 (ranked matches dont include the 4v4 chaos though). You have basic mathces and ranked matches. Ranked matches are a little more tricky because when somebody quits (and somebody always ends up quitting at some point), the match doesnt autopopulate with anybody queued to play or with bots, so your teams can end up unbalanced. Of course, the flip side of this is that when you win a 1 or 2 on 3 match, it is especially sweet! Speaking of autopopulating, that's what happens in non ranked matches as people quit. It just fills the void, either with another player or, if another player isnt available for whatever reason, it fills the blanks with bots.<br /><br />So, thems the basics. There is turbo boost, acquired by running over little turbo buffs located at specific spots in the arena (they are always at the same spots, and reset after like 15 seconds), which fills your counter part way (except for 6 100% boost buffs located on the axis points). You can use the boost to literally fly, drive on the walls, and for a little while, even on the ceiling, giving this game a 360 degree 3D aspect to it. Anything can potentially happen at anytime, and the matches are often chaotic as can be. That said, when a team gels, it is something to behold. Which leads me to another aspect.....team building. Via invites, you can make sure that you and up to 3 of your friends can play on the same teams for every match, giving you the ability to develop in game strategies, made even easier if everybody uses headsets.<br /><br />Anyway, that is a quick summation of this game. Once you play, you will likely want to keep on playing for a while. It is just some of the best fun to be had out there.up to 3 of your friends can play on the same teams for every match, giving you the ability to develop in game strategies, made even easier if everybody uses headsets.<br /><br />Anyway, that is a quick summation of this game. Once you play, you will likely want to keep on playing for a while. It is just some of the best fun to be had out there.