Where to start? I bought this game when it was on sale for $9.99 but would gladly have paid full price if I knew what I was buying beforehand. If you're a history, geography, and tactics nerd, then this game is right up your alley.<br /><br />You can start the game as a count, duke, king, or emperor of any Christian or Muslim (with DLC) faction anywhere in Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, and parts of Central Asia. Actually, as the Muslim faith you will play as a sheikh, emir, sultan, or emperor/caliph. As you play you can move up (or down) the hierarchy, depending on your fortunes. Some people like starting as a count in one of the many counties of the Holy Roman Empire and slowly amass enough holdings to become a duke (Swabia, Bavaria, Savoy, etc), and eventually a king (Bohemia, Lotharingia, Germany, etc) or just straight to Kaiser! (assuming you're elected...)<br /><br />The goal of the game is to continue your dynasty/house. Let's say you're playing as king but get overthrown by your ambitious brother. That's ok! You will continue playing as your character under a new role - you don't have to maintain all your titles all the time. As long as you have an heir of your house when your current player dies the game will continue. And heirs aren't always your own children. Sometimes it's close relatives like brothers, sisters, uncles, nephews, etc. Other times you'll pass your holdings to a far distant relative that traces their blood back generations to a mutual ancestor when you're out of close relatives. If your heir is out of your house, however, and you die you lose.<br /><br />The game is extremely intricate. But you don't have to micro-manage every aspect if you don't want to. I find the upgrades to baronies, cities, and temples tedious. I'd rather spend time in diplomacy, arranging marriages for my offspring, and watching the borders of neighboring factions shift over time. In my current game I play as the King of Sweden and Denmark. The Norman conquestof England failed and the Mongol invasion of Europe led to the collapse of the great Kingdom of Rus. The outcomes are truly limitless to what you'll encounter. That's what makes the game so fun.