I was very excited for this game however it has become such a poor experience that I will never buy another EA game. Things that I find wrong with this game are<br />- First they could not handle the release, had to wait to even be able to download the game, something they should have seen coming.<br />- Due to needing to always be online you are at the mercy of their servers. I have attempted to play multiple times over the last 24 hours, have only actually been able to play once. Issues include, a log in queue that does not actually tell you, your spot. They tell you hey wait 20 minutes, and then maybe you will get in, or maybe you will wait another 20 minutes. To get around this they say, HEY well if you dont want to wait go to another server. Every server in my country is full, so i went to another country. There is a game bug where if there is any server lag it wont let you claim a city, well guess what I have to go to another countries server, so my connection wont be super fast.<br />- Since it is always online, it is constantly syncing with the server. Played for 2 hours the one time i was able to play, the game lost the sync but did not tell me until a half hour later, when i got back to my city it was reset to where it was a half hour ago. So ontop of not being able to play when a person wants, you also run the risk of losing what you have done.<br />- The new lot sizes are to small. I filled up the whole city in the 2 hours a played before getting kicked out. They have streamlined this game to the point of taking out much of the flair that made it fun.<br />- The require you to be online because they say cities must be able to interact. Well half of the city interactions are actually not working properly. For the 2 hours i played I had a friend in the same game with me, they tried setting up their city to share resources yet outside of a trash truck we could not get the cities to really do anything together. Now this might be us screwing up however due tothe crashes/ unable to sign in and losing the cities I feel it is a bit to hard to really test that.<br />-In the end this feels more like a face book game then a real game that i just spent money on. Never again will a buy from EA.