I own this game on GOG.com and feel the need to warn people about how terrible it really is. First things first: the game has a great deal of beautiful art in it, but animations seem to be missing a great deal of frames, making everything seem very choppy. Look up some gameplay on Youtube before buying to make sure you can deal with several hours of this. As for the puzzles, they're counter-intuitive, mostly consisting of either meaningless busywork or otherwise being designed to confuse you by being as random as possible. Among other things, this means forcing you to combine items to make new ones in unexpected ways that are bizarre even for the genre (which is notorious for this).<br /><br />All of that could be forgiven if not for the story and characters, though. Playable character Geron meanders through the game with a lack of enthusiasm and consistently terrible judgment that makes you hate him through and through, and he's constantly interjecting &#34;woe is me&#34; dialogue into everything that's made that much worse by his terrible voice acting. The story itself is bland and forgettable, too, not to mention incoherent; things that are established in one scene will be undermined entirely by facts in another, and at one point Geron lies about someone's death, only to bring it up five minutes later as though he had been open about it all along. The whole thing comes across as lazy.<br /><br />I would give this a single star if not for the sequel, Memoria. Though playing Chains of Satinav isn't a prerequisite for enjoying Memoria, I found it nice to have that added bit of back story going in. Geron even manages to be less insufferable in the sequel, and his screen time is drastically cut into by the parallel story of new main character Princess Sadja, a vastly superior character who sees the bulk of the action. Put simply, Memoria is a masterpiece, and it's that much sweeter once you've suffered through Chains of Satinav. For that reason alone, I'm bumping up what would otherwise be a single-star rating to two. On its own, however, Satinav is a truly awful game worth avoiding.hat would otherwise be a single-star rating to two. On its own, however, Satinav is a truly awful game worth avoiding.