In this game all you do is die, die, die.  You'll keep repeating sections over and over again until you know exactly what has to be done.  Even then you may die some more because the Alien comes out of nowhere half the time and then it's back to the save station to do it all again for the zillionth time.  I've never been so pissed at a game in my life.  A game such as this majorly needs a quick save option.  I'm playing it on medium mode like I always do and it's still too much of a bitch.  There's 19 levels in this frigging thing and I've made it to level 10 and must've died well over a hundred times so far.  Trust me I'm not a novice gamer, you'll be pulling your hair out too.  In this game the Alien cannot be killed.  You will acquire a flame thrower but not until around Mission 8, and of course there is never enough flamethrower fuel.  Much of the game is hiding in lockers or in little cabinets, etc, just waiting.  This gets old quick and the tracker you have doesn't ever work that well.  The tracker is also supposed to guide you to objectives but it can be really hard to follow.  In fact, I had to use an online walkthrough because half the time it was unclear where I was going or what I was doing.  It's too bad because the graphics are sweet and the audio is well done but the game play is just hellacious.  What happens is the endless repetition of dying strips away any fun and just makes it beyond frustrating.  Seriously, I had more fun playing Colonial Marines.  I should also point out that the character of Ripley moves too damn slow.  Connecting and disconnecting her from terminals, monitors, etc is a slow process and the Alien will often kill you before you've disengaged.  All of this is supposed to create tension I guess but just creates tedium.  Also, instead of a quick press of R for a reload you have to hold the R button down for any loading of weapons.  This is too damn time consuming in a game like this and totally frustrating.  There's a lot of littlethings like this that make for a game killer.  I probably won't even finish it, I'm just fed up with it.  But Hey, the graphics sure look pretty!    Update-I did finish the game.  Obviously a lot of love and care went into it and the game ran fine on my system.  BUT, it really needs a Quick-save option.  Way too much dying and repetition for me.  The few levels with just the Androids to contend with gave me no prob.  The Alien really just ended up getting on my nerves.