The game has a lot of bugs still, but can progress into something decent. I already completed the storyline after 2 weeks though.    UPDATE, A FEW MONTHS LATER... DON'T BUY THIS GAME.  After a few months of continually sliding around and bouncing off walls, the endless crash scenes, the bugs and snags are everywhere... and cheating AI cars...  This game had the potential to be the best game ever... But, instead they released an \\"enhanced beta\\" version as a release candidate! It is sloppy work, and the cut and paste shows.  The game breaks down, crashes a lot, and needs patched up after the fact of getting all the money already paid up front for this game. Now, it's just a garbage game that I can drive around in, and likely will stop playing in a few months or even less.  So sad, had they spent more time into making the game than the hype trailer, it may have been something great. This game does not even closely follow the hyped-up trailer it shows to sell to us.  Yep, the graphics are great... if you have an upscale graphics card and computer that may run it. I had to buy an expensive graphics card to play this game and it is supposed to be for the average computer user... but now, after the release it is said to be for \\"upscale users.\\"    They lied all across the board and produced a lousy game to get the money up front, AND!!!!! THE GAME IS ALREADY BEING HACKED AFTER ONLY A FEW MONTHS IN EXISTENCE... I PAID $85.00 FOR A HACKED UP GAME THAT CRASHES AND IS FULL OF BUGS??!!    I'm very disappointed, very pissed off, and I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!      Added Edit: I contacted Amazon about the game and refunds... they basically say tough tiddy, you bought it, it's yours now.     Amazon   Your Account Amazon.com  Message From Customer Service  Hello,     Games & Software Downloads ordered on Amazon.com are non-returnable and non-refundable after purchase. We provide this information on product detail pages in the Digital Games and Digital Software stores, as well as inthe Amazon Games and Software Store Terms of Use (http://www.amazon.com/gamesandsoftwaretermsofuse).     We'd really like the chance to help you enjoy your purchase. If you need help downloading or accessing your item, please contact us again by phone for live assistance. You can reach our customer service specialists by phone 24 hours a day, seven days a week using the following link:     https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/contact-us     We look forward to seeing you again soon.    Best regards,  Tanwir  Thank you.  Amazon.com