Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons<br /><br />The title really announces the story. The game takes you through the tale of two sons whose journey is directly tied to the condition of their father. He is sickly from something and needs a specific ingredient in which the sons quest out in search of. The world is colorful, natural with a sense of stone works and some steam punk. It is magical with a sense of fantasy with friendly neighbors help you along the way. The cinematography and camera angles make the game play very movie like. Watching someone else play is almost as good as playing it. The biggest attention grabber for this game is the dual character controls. The left analog stick controls the older brother while the right stick controls the younger brother. The only other game I have played that has this is Schizoid; in it’s uberschizoid mode where 1 player controls both ships via both analog sticks. Uberschizoid is seriously hard because the gameplay is ruled around the number of lives you have left until the next checkpoint (which is like 5-10 levels making it even more challenging) while Brothers gameplay is ruled around interacting with the environment, solving a puzzle and literally enjoying the view. There are several benches to sit in that are specific designations to “enjoy the graphics” in the game. You literally hold down the interaction button (triggers for both brothers) and they sit at the bench overlooking the artful landscape. The camera pans during this to show you more detail as you embrace its beauty. This is one of those games that you want to cherish playing, especially the first time around. Also, another thing I thought was cool, was the narrative. It’s not in English or any other recognizable language. It sounds made up and created just for the game, like Elven Hebrew Icelandic or something like that. It gives room for interpretation during the dialogue, and the gestures make obvious suggestions. This game is a must play, if an interactive environmental “3d platformer” adventure sounds fun.ctive environmental “3d platformer” adventure sounds fun.