If you liked Dragon Age: Origin, and were looking for a new AAA, large-scale RPG with interesting character interactions and epic tactical party combat, well, please let me know if you find one, because DA:I isn't it.    This has been dumbed down to an odd cross between a single player console MMORPG design, crossed with a very poor FPS combat interface. There might be much depth to the game, but its hidden behind horrid design decisions & nearly unusable keyboard/mouse interface.    - Having to constantly click to attack (no auto attack) & manually move into range ... which I love as a design in playing say, Dark Souls, but is completely out of place in a tactical combat RPG, and is implemented extremely poorly.  - Having to manually edge within inches of anything to pick it up (small pick up radius, and can't click from a distance to move & auto pickup a targeted object)  - Having to chain-click \\"v\\" to even see if any usable objects are nearby; hovering with mouse doesn't highlight items from a distance  - Respawning monsters that fly in from above on top of you or right behind you in areas you've cleared with no logic;  - Inability to zoom out on tactical combat mode to any decent distance to actually see/set up the fight  - Party AI that is half broken, and can't really set the detailed party tactics in the auto-AI as you could in past Dragon Age games  - Inventory interface 100% designed around limitations of controller not designed for PC/mouse;    I love many of the concepts, of leading the inquisition as a leader, choosing which side to help / areas to help, with significant political overtones. But the disaster of a user interface & poor design decisions leaving a poorly implemented FPS-shooter type combat interface with the advertised \\"tactical\\" combat a minimal afterthought, makes me sad for the lost potential.    Update:  Updated to 3 stars.  Tried to play it again for a 3rd time, switching to use a controller.  DA:I is just an entirely different game playing with a controller.  Would still rate this a 2 star game (at best) if you are using keyboard/mouse, but with a controller this is a flawed but decent game.  (I still greatly miss having any usable tactical combat), becomes maybe even a 4 star game. Averaged it out at 3*.