Minerva's Den, for a downloadable supplement, is anything but tacked on downloadable content that loses it's appeal and worth after around a year.  In fact, it is a small masterpiece; a piece of DLC that is the total opposite of being a standard map/extra content cash in.  You don't spend quite a bit of money and get nothing but some extra perks that lose their appeal after a couple months.  While I don't exactly think the game was superior to BioShock 2 despite what others may think, I do believe that any BioShock fan will no doubt be thrilled to know that this content is a must play for anyone who can't enough of this wonderful series.<br /><br />First, the game play.  If you have already played the second BioShock, you will have no trouble handling Minerva's Den.  The game play pretty much is identical to the second BioShock.  You are still fighting waves of Splicers, and you are still taking down the Big Daddies.  You also till have to fight Big Sisters after you clear out the area.  However, the security system is improved, as the new bots are able to use an their own lasers, Grenade Launchers, and electricity.  The game, however, let's you take more advantage of this, as you can heal the bots, whenever they get damaged, so you can use tons of Weapons are also slightly different, as you are able to find upgraded weapons instead of Power to the People Stations.  As far as new content goes, you get a new weapon, a new Plasmid, and new enemies.  The biggest addition is the Lancer Big Daddy, which, according to Cm Porter, is the most technologically advanced Big Daddy.  This one is equipped with an Ion Laser, which means it's essentially dog eat dog here.<br /><br />The new enemies aren't anything ground breaking, but The Brute Splicer are now equipped with fire, and Houdini Splicers now weld Winter Blast.  As far as weapons, you get the new Ion Laser.  For those who think the new weapon is just a gimmick, your Ion Laser is the first weapon you get, and it's very much possible to the play the whole game using that weapon as your primary.  The Ion Laser is powerful, and you are able to shoot out a stream of damaging light, with a fire alternative, and one mega type of ammo that expels a huge amount of energy.  Once you also earn the awesome new Gravity Well Plasmid, you can suck up Splicers into a hole and watch them fly everywhere with chaos.  In addition, it's easy to see how you can have the most fun with the new additions, and you can definitely play and beat the game using primarily the new additions of the game.<br /><br />The greatest reason, however, is to play the game for it's art.  Even if the game offered absolutely NOTHING new, I would still play this great DLC for the greatest reason to play a BioShock game: The artistry, the emotion, the characters, the story, the art direction, and Rapture itself.  This time, this game takes you into Rapture's Computing commons.  This time, you play as Subject Sigma, who is sent by mathematician Charles Milton Porter to stop an obsessive engineer from destroying The Thinker, a supercomputer that is capable of complex calculations at the speed of thought.  All the well rounded characters, the extremely well written and emotional story lines, and the internal and external battles of human nature are all on display here, and you won't be disappointed when it comes to knowing what happens.  In particular, the ending is also terrific, and I personally think it's actually the best ending out of all of the three story lines in Rapture.<br /><br />In this game, you will be exploring Minerva's Den, which is Rapture's Central Computing Station.  The automated doors, the intricate technology that you see all over the place, that excellent security system, and more all rested on this extremely complex and compelling  part of Rapture where.  The level itself goes for a industrial computing look without looking cliched, instead filtering the area through Rapture's Iconic Art-Deco, Diesel-punk, art style.  Alternating this are the usual extravagant and luxurious furnishings.  You will also be able to find many interesting components and locations including the main computing area, numerous offices and systems programming, A Robotics company (a la The Jetsons), and the supercomputer itself.  I won't spoil much of what it is, but rest assured it's just as amazing as anything else in BioShock.  As what you would expect from BioShock, and the Splicers are very much dressed according to their profession.  So you won't see many (or any) splicers with masks made out of plants or Splicers with News Years Eve masks on.<br /><br />So yeah, if you were wondering if this game is worth downloading, it's absolutely worth it.  It's got pretty much everything you would want, and you can't go wrong.  Nothing seems retreaded, and while the game play is not particular different from the BioShock 2, the story is all it's own, and will peel back a new facet of the city for those who can't get enough of one of the best video game locations ever created.  It's definitely worth downloading.are the usual extravagant and luxurious furnishings.  You will also be able to find many interesting components and locations including the main computing area, numerous offices and systems programming, A Robotics company (a la The Jetsons), and the supercomputer itself.  I won't spoil much of what it is, but rest assured it's just as amazing as anything else in BioShock.  As what you would expect from BioShock, and the Splicers are very much dressed according to their profession.  So you won't see many (or any) splicers with masks made out of plants or Splicers with News Years Eve masks on.    So yeah, if you were wondering if this game is worth downloading, it's absolutely worth it.  It's got pretty much everything you would want, and you can't go wrong.  Nothing seems retreaded, and while the game play is not particular different from the BioShock 2, the story is all it's own, and will peel back a new facet of the city for those who can't get enough of one of the best video game locations ever created.  It's definitely worth downloading.