If you were unsure if the acquisition of bioware by EA would affect the quality of game they put out, here's your answer. I have played bioware games since KOTOR and have yet to see them put out a such a steaming, bug filled pile as this. If you told me that the extent of their testing this game was one quick play through by some random junkie, who had never played an RPG, and was stoned out of his mind the whole time, I'd believe you. There is a glitch where the player character's attack speed gets progressively slower and slower. Thus turning fast paced button slapping action into an unbearably dull and exceedingly frustrating affair. I hear that this glitch is made worse by being a mage, which I was. I had to replay hours of the game to undo the slowdown only for it crop back up over and over until I gave in. My friend who has this game as well was a mage and was unable to avoid the glitch. He ended up selling the game without finishing it. It is said that you can slow down so much that your character will no longer attack at all. *<*< THIS GLITCH IS CONFIRMED ON ALL PLATFORMS! IF YOU DON'T HAVE A WAY TO UPDATE THE GAME VIA BROADBAND INTERNET, I WOULDN'T BOTHER BUYING THIS UNLESS YOU LIKE GETTING 20 HOURS INTO A GAME ONLY TO HAVE IT RUINED BY A GLITCH. EVEN IF YOU DO I'D WAIT TILL THEY PUT OUT A PATCH<*<*  You can read more on the details of this else where on the Internet. Also there is a vertical stretch on the sprites during the cut-scenes that flickers on and off randomly. Once more the kind of thing that testing easily reveal. There's a lot of other glitches I won't get into. All the major review sites don't seem to mention the game breaking slow glitch but, hell screw the hand that feeds you, just take there $60 and give them a turd. I could talk about the lack of central plot or that you you play on the same maps over and over or the fact that you can just barely read the text without an HDTV(20/20 vision, with 46\\" TV) or even the obscured fashion side quests are presented (how fun to go into the start menu over and over) but, their obvious lack of adequate testing is obtusely more present in my experience of this game. Thanks for a game that left me pissed off enough to waste more time writing this review.