I've played every SimCity since the original on COMMODORE 64! Now this game is a lot better than that version... but as an experienced SimCity fan, it is just plain frustrating. My main complaint isn't with the DRM... It's like the DMV... you just try to get through it knowing there is no alternative. Once I got to playing, the game play is as intuitive and engaging as all of Ocean Quigley's PR videos attest. But only to a point. I understand the region concept and applied it on a massive scale in SimCity 4 (Which I still play). This new game limits the size of your city to such a degree that just as you are starting to find success and enjoy yourself you run out of room. So you have a great little mid-sized city and you have two choices. Turn all your roads into hi density so you get apartments and sky scrapers... or you start a new city and do it all over again. Now you had to do this in the past - convert your low density city core to hi density at some point - but there just isn't enough room to have a well developed downtown AND some low density outlying neighborhoods - like real cities have. It's either one or the other... You have to convert the whole city to hi density to get any sort of population. Or you have one dense town and 5 miles away, with nothing in between, you have your low density town. Bottom line is that if you like SimCity, you'll enjoy some of the updates, the graphics, the curvy roads, the up-gradable buildings... but you'll probably be frustrated at some point despite the well thought out systems, controls and simulations. You just can't go FAR ENOUGH... I just hope our friends at Maxis (who I'm pretty sure were made to do many of these things by EA because if the guys who built it (and SC4) don't see what we all see, there's something wrong.) will find a way to convince their overlords to enlarge the maps and address those OTHER issues that everyone else is talking about and release a patch sooner than later. Once I loose interest completely, which I will in a week or so, I'm not coming back for your first 19.95 DLC.