Just for context sake let me say that I've enjoyed all of the Total War series (even Empire) and this product wasn't a Total Disappointment as it is quite playable, however in order to get full use of this game you need a group of friends playing with matching schedules. You should also know that you need an active online game service account to play which is becoming pretty much standard as DRM.<br /><br />Best Things: The game is visually beautiful. There are very few bugs. The strategic AI treats you as if the dishonor of betraying you (or you betraying it) matters which adds significantly to the flavor of the game. Tactically the game is \\"rock, paper, scissors\\" (archers, spearmen, cavalry) each of which has a rigidly defined place on the battlefield which should make this a good game for tactical beginners.<br /><br />Worst Things: This is primarily a multiplayer game with a single player system existing as the foundation upon which the multiplayer game was built, and the game designers occasionally remind single player gamers that they are second class citizens with sharp pokes from content that could easily have been in the single player game (such as the Avatar concept) reserved for multiplayer gamers only. The single player game suffers particularly with essentially two AI settings Easy And Hard on easy enemies don't respond to your maneuvering and on hard they know exactly what your orders are and react instantly to where you've told your troops to go rather than actions on the field - the extra two difficulty settings are simply a measure of how much the AI cheats or is nerfed. There aren't separate tactical and strategic AI difficulty settings in this game. In order to please loud (irrational) complaints that AI amphibious assaults in previous Total War games were rare the AI now uses them liberally (irrationally). Recycled horse models from previous games mean that the Japanese use massive ugly European style warhorses with stats to match. Modding (which in the past has extended the playability of Total War games significantly) looks to be curtailed as it could lead to multiplayer cheating - wait and see.extended the playability of Total War games significantly) looks to be curtailed as it could lead to multiplayer cheating - wait and see.