[Amazon finally put PSN game codes back on the site, so I'll put up my review for the game again since reviews for digital downloads aren't spread across platforms for some reason.]<br /><br />There is no other game that I've played this year that's won me over as much as Guacamelee has. Whereas most people will be saying that Bioshock Infinite or The Last of Us is their choice for Game of the Year, my vote goes for this little beauty right here. No, I'm not joking. Guacamelee does so much right and gave me so much fun in just the right amount of time that it's impossible for me to say anything else this year has given me as much enjoyment. I guess I'm just a sucker for great PSN titles, as last year Tokyo Jungle beat out everything else I played, and just a few years before, PixelJunk Shooter did the same. Old school and newer gamers alike should try this game out if they're looking for a challenge or just all around good platforming action fun. And hey, the creators even managed to sneak in a couple of huge game references too, including Metroids, Mario, Castle Crashers, Journey, Grim Fandango and more! No seriously, there are practically legit Metroids and Chozo statues here!<br /><br />Juan is a regular man who's in love with the president's daughter, Juanita. Sadly, things go horribly wrong when Juanita is whisked away by Calaca, a skeleton in a sombrero, who also kills off Juan. Things aren't over yet though! Juan awakens in the world of the dead, and is given a magical luchador mask by a masked woman, Tostada (yeah, I know). With it, he's able to return to the land of the living and begins his journey to rescue Juanita and stop Calaca from going through with his grand scheme of starting a new world order.<br /><br />Gameplay is just like your standard Metroid or Castlevania game. That's the most common thing you'll hear about this game, and it's not a complaint. Just like how Okami is the best Zelda clone that's ever come out, Guacamelee might be the best Metroid/Castlevania game that's ever come out. Platforming is fun, combat is great and whenever I'd learn a new ability, it was always exciting. Juan and Tostada will travel through various areas like great jungles, mountains, a chicken cave, a desert and more before they can come mask-to-skull with Calaca. There are so many hidden areas in each map that you'll have just as much finding them to upgrade your health and stamina as you would advancing to the next area. Combat is easy to learn, though you can really go nuts with combos. Square is punch, and pressing it several times makes a basic combo. You can also press up and square to launch your enemy into the air, and jump with x to follow them and continue with your combo with the square button. Pressing down and square while in mid-air smashes them back down. As mentioned, you'll learn special abilities from a transforming goat, like a frog splash, Rooster Uppercut and a massive headbutt. You can throw these into your standard combos to deal massive damage, and just plain make a flashy spectacle. And since the game supports an extra player, you can have both characters beating up the same enemy to really bring the pain.<br /><br />If you've played a Metroid game before, you'll know that certain doors could only be opened when you had a certain weapon. Like in Super Metroid, the pink doors were opened with 5 missiles (or one Super Missile), orange ones were opened with the Super Bomb, etc. There's something similar here in Guacamelee where different colored blocks will be in the way of special areas on the map. If a red block is laying around, you'll have to hit it from below with a Rooster Uppercut. If there's a yellow one, headbutt that sucker to smash it open and see what lies ahead. Not only do you have these abilities to help you out, but you're also able to wall jump, and later on, learn the ever-useful double jump. Getting the hang of these is necessary to navigate through some very tricky areas, which leadsmy to one of my favorite parts of the game- the platforming.<br /><br />I honestly don't remember the last time platforming sections got the best of me. It was probably Super Metroid back in 1994! There are so many tricky areas in this game that I had to set the controller down and really think some of them over before trying again (and before I threw the controller at something). This game does NOT hold your hand even once, and if you have a hard time with some of the earlier sections, just wait until you go for the special mask pieces to unlock the true ending. There's one stage that's sure to test your patience. Heck, there were even times when a room full of enemies would get the best of me because I was outnumbered or one would distract me while the other would come in with a giant attack. Seriously, your reflexes need to be good in order to progress to the next area.<br /><br />Gameplay's awesome, but the animation, art direction and soundtrack are even better. I'm absolutely in love with the look and sound of this game. The whole thing looks like a missing episode from Samurai Jack, and when the game would get to a part that zooms in on your character more, I'd do all kind of moves just to see how well they animated everything. When I beat the game and the credits rolled, it was downright stupid how few people worked on this game and how incredible the outcome was. I feel horrible for buying the game when it was a few bucks off during a sale now, as it definitely deserves every dollar of the small amount it costs. There's nothing big I can complain about, other than that you can beat the game in about 6 hours, and maybe 8 or 9 if you want to get everything. One other slightly minor thing is that several people have been vocal about the game's &#34;racist&#34; nature. I can see how they might think that way, but it didn't bother me much.<br /><br />If you haven't bought it yet, what are you waiting for?! This is one of those games that I'm happy to replay regularly, and it's pushing me in the direction of buying a Vita just so I can play it on the go too since I got that version for free.