(UPDATE: Unfortunately, I must now STRONGLY suggest you AVOID this game! After I installed Episode 5, the game will not longer start and hangs my PS3. I contacted support, who tells me this is a known PS3 issue, gave me some gobbledygook ways to get around it which made no sense, and said that support were working on a &#34;potential fix&#34; for the &#34;near future&#34;. I now have a COMPLETELY disabled game and am looking to get a refund, through my credit card company if necessary.)<br /><br />(UPDATE 2: A patch has finally been released which fixes the above mentioned issue, but it should never have been released BROKEN in the first place and tech support's response to my report was shockingly terrible. Game itself is 5 stars, but I'm now increasing it from the 1 star I had it at after the issue occured to 3 stars because of the poor handling. They continued to actively promote Episode 5 on PSN when it would still completely break your whole game!)<br /><br />First of all, this is a review of the game itself, not the 'season pass'. As I write this, the third episode has just been released and I have played the first two. Second, DO NOT play this game before you have watched the complete third season of Game of Thrones, as this game begins after the events that occurred in that season.<br /><br />This is the first Telltale Games game that I have personally played. I have read reviews elsewhere from non-Game of Thrones fans who review this game very negatively because they find very little 'game-play' involved... I can certainly understand why they feel this way and would NOT recommend this to someone who it NOT a Game of Thrones fan (or FANATIC). I don't know how this compares to other similar Telltale Games, but there is RELATIVELY little game-play involved, which is basically divided into three elements: 1. Action sequences in which you must perform a series of button presses or stick movements to avoid being killed (and if you are, you then repeat them until you aren't), 2. Walking around and examining things, 3. Making quick dialog choices. The dialog choices are potentially the most interesting part of the 'game', as they are said to have the potential to change the future outcome of events (and characters will often be noted to have 'remembered' that you said something in particular), although I must admit that I am personally unsure at this point how much you can actually CHANGE the course of this game. I haven't experimented with this much, but I am pretty sure that the first episode is destined to end the way it does no matter what you do. If you could REALLY make changes, then the amount of branching required in future episodes seems to me like it would be prohibitive.<br /><br />All that being said, if you ARE a Game of Thrones fan, I HIGHLY recommend this game! Playing this game is just about as good as watching Game of Thrones, seriously! It is quite amazing the quality of the story they have developed and how it draws you in in the same manner in which Game of Thrones does. There are also interesting appearances from characters from Game of Thrones and some very interesting references to events that occurred in the show. Most of the GoT characters are voiced by the GoT actors also.<br /><br />One final thing, before I forget... regarding the PS3 version... I have heard complaints about the graphics. I haven't seen the PS4 version, but the PS3 graphics look fine to me. The only issue the PS3 version has is that occasionally the vocals will annoyingly stutter for a couple seconds, but that still won't stop me from giving it 5 stars.<br /><br />(OH... the save game system is CONFUSING! There are 4 slots, if you want to use a different slot, you need to copy your save to a different slot and then go back to the first slot, or continue at the new slot... I saved a new game over my whole game until I figured this out!)nd and examining things, 3. Making quick dialog choices. The dialog choices are potentially the most interesting part of the 'game', as they are said to have the potential to change the future outcome of events (and characters will often be noted to have 'remembered' that you said something in particular), although I must admit that I am personally unsure at this point how much you can actually CHANGE the course of this game. I haven't experimented with this much, but I am pretty sure that the first episode is destined to end the way it does no matter what you do. If you could REALLY make changes, then the amount of branching required in future episodes seems to me like it would be prohibitive.  All that being said, if you ARE a Game of Thrones fan, I HIGHLY recommend this game! Playing this game is just about as good as watching Game of Thrones, seriously! It is quite amazing the quality of the story they have developed and how it draws you in in the same manner in which Game of Thrones does. There are also interesting appearances from characters from Game of Thrones and some very interesting references to events that occurred in the show. Most of the GoT characters are voiced by the GoT actors also.  One final thing, before I forget... regarding the PS3 version... I have heard complaints about the graphics. I haven't seen the PS4 version, but the PS3 graphics look fine to me. The only issue the PS3 version has is that occasionally the vocals will annoyingly stutter for a couple seconds, but that still won't stop me from giving it 5 stars.  (OH... the save game system is CONFUSING! There are 4 slots, if you want to use a different slot, you need to copy your save to a different slot and then go back to the first slot, or continue at the new slot... I saved a new game over my whole game until I figured this out!)