A little history.  When this game first came out, I had it on bootleg PC, which had it's issues.  Then I had it on the Xbox at a great digital price, then I sold my 360 and the game.  So I never finished the game because I switched formats.  I liked what I saw where I left off - when the girls were being kidnapped and Max had to get to the roof.  Amazon had an offer that only an idiot would refuse, so I felt that was the time to jump on it and finish the game!  One thing I liked right off is that this is not a Steam game so you can run it however.  Steam can be annoying because when it is down, your games are down.  However, Steam is good because it saves your achievements, even if you uninstall the game.  As you know, Rockstar loves to go all-out in fun, details and experience.  You know about their GTA series and Red Dead Redemption, and their other classic, Max Payne 3 continues that trend.  I would almost argue that this looks better than GTA on the PS4...  The game is highly detailed and noted as one of the first titles to use tessellation along with the Direct X 11.  The details are unbelievable in that local is unique and detailed to the bone!  You really feel that you are there while playing.  While looking at it, I could not help but to think that the people who made it put a lot of time and effort into this game.  The game is fun, action-packed, crazy and the story is great too.  It mainly takes place in Brazil and Rockstar had the Brazilians and all of their different racial mixes (mainly black and white-like) and different configurations.  They must have modeled it after real people in order to get the details of the Afro hair/mixed looks, different features and characteristics and showing the rich as more white looking (but not quite), while the poor were more black looking, but everyone was mixed.  All I am trying to say is that the people were accurate!  The game has plenty of weapons and you collect gold weapon pieces throughout the game to assembleinto a more powerful gun.  The only thing that I do not like about this game is that when you amass guns and you want a certain one, they often change your guns for you while going to the next level.  Sometimes they take all of your guns away period and you have to collect new ones.  Part of me thinks that it could have been done in order to make you use Payne's signature 'two guns,' which can be more effective than the most powerful military rifles.  I did like the fact that they had a .44 Magnum, which I missed using from GTA: Vice City.  All in all - I can't wait for part 4!  I cannot believe some reviews (not on this site) say that the graphics were OK!  On my PC, I had it maxed out (for some reason, the multi-sampling selection in the game slows it down when maxed out) and it looked brilliant.  This was a powerful and classic game.  When the price is right again - jump on it!