PROS:    + Near perfect replica of the Arcade version (minus the laser-rot)  + Player can select difficulty level, screen views, hints, etc.  + There is a save slot.....a SAVE SLOT!!!!    - CONS:    - No two-player option    Being a seasoned old-school gamer, I can remember being completely blown away by Dragon's Lair when it hit arcades back in 1983. There were literally no other games like this on the arcade floor. It cost 50 cents to play (very unusual for the times), and I would happily clean out my lawn-mowing allowance to play just one...more...time.    Now, the Playstation Network has made this available to the masses - and I couldn't be happier!    PLOT:     Well, since the game's voiceover does the best job, I'll just do the ol' cut & paste from the attract mode:    \\"Dragon's Lair, a fantasy adventure where you become a valiant knight, on a quest to rescue the fair princess from the clutches of an evil dragon. You control the actions of a daring adventurer, finding his way through the castle of a dark wizard, who has enchanted it with treacherous monsters and obstacles. In the mysterious caverns below the castle, your odyssey continues against the awesome forces that oppose your efforts to reach the Dragon's Lair.    Lead on, adventurer . . . your quest awaits!\\"    GAMEPLAY:     This is a Don Bluth animated movie and we have control of the story's protagonist, a bumbling knight known as Dirk the Daring.     During the story, obstacles appear and the player has a limited timeframe to either move Dirk or use his sword at the correct time. If successful, the scene continues. If unsuccessful, Dirk will die in a typically hilarious fashion. In essence, this game is one gigantic Quicktime movie. The rooms can appear in a random order, but the last room is always the Dragon's Lair.    On this port, hitting the Start button not only pauses the game, but allows the player to SAVE their progress. This is an excellent feature, making things much easier for trophy-hunters.    There are 2 difficulty settings of easy & hard, options to turn on/off the move guide and move beeps, and viewing options are either full screen, or a smaller arcade view with cabinet graphics around the screen.    True to the original arcade version, players can earn a high score - and the player's results are available all over the globe!    GRAPHICS:    This is probably the best port of Dragon's Lair I've ever played. I own several versions ([[ASIN:B000B415OU Dragon's Lair Deluxe Pack]], Sega CD, [[ASIN:B00008G7PD Dragons Lair 20th Anniversary Box Set]], [[ASIN:B000IMUYRE Dragon's Lair Blu-ray]]), but this is the only one that made me feel like I was back in the arcades, putting my 2 quarters on the glass, eagerly awaiting my chance to reach the Dragon's Lair.     The animations were exactly as I remembered them, and all the childhood hints I gave myself (\\"quick, move towards his sword!\\") came back immediately.    TROPHIES:     Sadly, there are only 8 trophies to earn. Once the player memorizes the correct movements, these are pretty easy (except the highest score trophy, that will take some practice). Don't worry, there are more than enough online walkthroughs to help you.    CONS:     I wish this download had a two-player option. That was half of the fun of the arcade game, trying to split our attention between watching the animated movie and watching the correct movements by the other player!    FINAL THOUGHTS:     If you're a fan of the stand-up coin-op genre of video games, this is a splendid piece of history to download to your HDD. I can't wait until the eventual downloads of Space Ace and Dragon's Lair II!