Let it be known that the product page for Battlefield 4 is filled with low reviews based on the performance of the online portion of this game right now. While it is true that you will encounter glitches, stuttering, FPS drops, and crashes, I can say that if you enjoy the Battlefield experience of massive combat, vehicular combat, and the joy of playing an actual role in an online shooter, Battlefield 4 will not let you down. Unfortunately, the campaign is very disappointing, following too closely to the tired formula that Call of Duty: Modern Warfare grandfathered.<br /><br />Campaign: A low point for the franchise. Not only is each mission a roller coaster ride, but control is taken away from you at every turn. The intro to the game fools you into thinking otherwise (by letting you open doors by yourself!), but you are immediately thrown into an all too familiar situation where you are stuck shooting at baddies on the ground from a window. What follows may be epic in some ways, yet ultimately stilted by what I can only imagine is a play at cashing in on the Call of Duty crowd. The story attempts to tug at your heartstrings multiple times, failing constantly. Dialogue consists of your usual 'Oscar mikes' and other such jargon. The story has you traversing the globe, of course, from China and back, but once again control is taken away from you so much it feels more like a sight seeing tour than an actual war. Battlefield 3 was just as disappointing, but part of me hoped things would change with this iteration. Sadly, I was wrong. It honestly felt, to me, that DICE could have nixed the campaign and released a multiplayer only title for a cheaper price, or even an online download of the multiplayer only for a discounted rate.<br /><br />Graphics: As always, DICE, the games developer pushes PC hardware to the max. The graphics options are oozing with settings, allowing you to tweak the experience to fit your rig, and believe me, the ultra settings will push your hardware. It is worth it though, as Battlefield 4 is easily in the top-tier in terms of graphics.<br /><br />Audio: Drone-like music and military jargon; what else needs to be said?<br /><br />Multiplayer: As epic as ever, the online portion of Battlefield 4 still packs a punch with new maps and the return of destructible environments...and that's about it. The weapons and game types are exactly the same as before. It's still fun, no doubt about it, but the formula hasn't changed. This isn't a bad thing, as there was nothing wrong with the Battlefield 3 formula. Leveling a class still feels good, and playing a class role in the battle is always fun. Assault, Engineer, Recon, and Support are the classes, each offering up different gadgets and weapons.<br /><br />If you enjoy Battlefield multiplayer you will want to pick this up,unless you are looking for a game changer, as this title is exactly like the previous title. If you're looking for an epic campaign again, Battlefield 4 delivers on some scale, but if you hate shooters that force you to sit and watch while control is taken away for 'cinematic' moments, you will hate Battlefield 4. Coupled with a very short campaign and it hardly feels worth your money. The choice is up to you. Overall the total package is weaker because of the lackluster single player campaign.