I'm gonna say this right off the bat, this game is complicated. In no way is this for \\"casual\\" gamers, but fans of JRPGs will be well rewarded. The game is a remake of a PS2 and 360 game that was, as far as I know, released in Japan only, however while there is a lack of straight-up guides (you'll need one if you want to get the True Ending) there are many forums dedicated to explaining the game and the best (and only) path if you are going for the aforementioned True Ending. The game has a lot of features that Cross Edge has, so if you liked that game consider this a sort of portable version. Given the franchise, (Spectral Souls) some of the characters were even IN Cross Edge, however this is not a mash-up, it's a straight up entry in the Spectral Souls franchise from Idea Factory. As I said, it's complicated, but there's a wealth of features that if you take the time to learn, provide hours upon hours of gameplay. There's even a New Game + option that let's you take all your equipment (but not levels) over to a new game. It's frustrating at times, and some have complained that it's TOO complicated, given that the game kinda throws you to the wolves (well, wolf men, at least) without many instructions, so you really can't afford to skip through dialogue sequences, as many of the early ones serve as introductions to the games many systems. However, as in Cross Edge, there are certain screens on which pressing the Select button will bring up an overlay explaining the icons/meters on the screen and how to use them. Also, there is a sort of in-game manual (called the diary) which can be referenced from the world map. I'm a big fan of JRPGs, especially the complicated ones, and this game does not disappoint. Things like power leveling, constanly upgrading your equipment, and searching for new areas are a necessity, and one wrong move will cost you (ALWAYS save before searching!). All in all a great game for those who are willing to put the time and effort in, and if youhave the patience, I highly recommend it. Dialogue is almost always voice acted, and the voices aren't bad either. The main character's attitude can get a little grating at first, but there's a sort of comedy to it, and it makes for a more interesting story. Speaking of story, the main plot doesn't really kick in for hours, but erst assured, there are PLENTY of hours of gameplay after it does. If you were one of the players who loved Cross Edge, you'll love this game too, as a good deal of the concepts (Different \\"currencies\\" for weapon upgrades (EP), stat increases aside from leveling (PP), buying items, and even searching (WP), as well as the ability to synthesize new equipment and items and upgrade existing equipment, and converting maxed out equipment into stat increasing accessories) are part of this game as well. Like I said, if you have the patience, it is a tremendously enjoyable and rewarding game. And since it's on the PSP, it's portable. Cross Edge on the crapper FTW!