An interesting and failry creepy game for a \\"Rail Shooter\\".  I say rail shooter because the game path is pretty narrow.  Forget side trips, looking for anything special or worrying  about taking wrong turns.     The story is about a meteorologist in the Arctic trying to reach a ship for his return home.  Upon finding the ship it appears wrecked and you explore the ship and witness a chain of events leading up to the disaster.  Some how you are able to interact with past events as you try to prevent the catastrophe.  Weird, mutated humans will attack and you will witness ghosts in their last few minutes of life.  During your adventure you will be moving from past to present and back with the ability to change some of the events or accidents that befall ship and crew.  How? I don't know. I am still not sure whether you, the ship or both are ghosts.      The game is little too linear but overall enjoyable as you became accustomed to the restrictive gameplay.  Unfortunately the game is a little short since there is little exploration required; figure about 15 hours for most gamers.  Weapons from pieces of metal to rifles will be found throughout. Health will be collected in the form of heat from various items such as light bulbs and steam pipes. (neat concept).  Game physics are somewhat annoying.  Sometimes you can jump 4 feet high and another time you can't jump over a chair.  Also, your weapons feel like they're made of rubber with a weight tied to the end. The graphics look pretty good but you may experience slow downs on the higher video settings.  Even \\"Crysis\\" gives me better frame rates.  This is the only game in a long time that has a sub 40 fps on my system.    Overall:    Graphics are good but the engine needs optimizing...... 6/10  Sound is very good with lots of creepy creaking........ 9/10  Voice acting is OK but words are frequently misspoken.. 7/10  Game physics is a little frustrating................... 6/10  The story line is interesting but confusing............ 6/10  Minor bugs............................................. 9/10  It's fun enough to recommend........................... 7/10